---
title: Wurst 1.1 Beta
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "1.1-BETA"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.7"
mc-1-7-remake: true
image: https://wiki.wurstclient.net/_media/update/wurst_1.1_beta_540p.webp
hacks:
  - AntiKnockback
  - AutoRespawn
  - ClickGUI
  - FastPlace
  - Flight
  - ForceOP
  - Fullbright
  - Killaura
  - NoFall
  - Sneak
  - Sprint
  - Step
  - X-Ray
---
This is the first version of Wurst that was ever made.

Only a week into development, it's a far cry from the Wurst Client you know and love today. This version has no chat commands and only a handful of features. There is no Alt Manager, keybinds can't be changed, and even the iconic Wurst logo didn't exist yet.

I wouldn't actually recommend this version ([Wurst 1.3.1](/updates/wurst-1-3-1/) is much better for Minecraft 1.7.x hacking), but sometimes it's fun to look back and see just how far Wurst has come since 2014. Wurst 1.1 Beta brings back old memories and feelings of nostalgia every time I that load it up. If you are one of the few people that have been with us since the beginning, it will surely make you feel the same.

## Features In This Release

{% include update-features.html %}

## GUI

You can open the window-based ClickGUI by pressing **Left CTRL**.

This version doesn't save things like enabled hacks and window positions, so you will have to re-arrange the windows and re-enable your hacks every time after restarting Minecraft.

## Keybinds

In this ancient version, keybinds cannot be changed. You're stuck with the default keybinds.

<details>
  <summary class="padding10">Default Keybinds: (click to expand)</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>F -> FastPlace</li>
    <li>C -> Fullbright</li>
    <li>G -> Flight</li>
    <li>R -> Killaura</li>
    <li>Left CTRL -> ClickGUI</li>
    <li>X -> X-Ray</li>
    <li>Z -> Sneak</li>
  </ul>
</details>

## Installation

Because this is a remake, the installation process is [the same as Wurst 6](/tutorials/how-to-install/wurst-6/). Read the note under the downloads section for more details.
