---
title: Wurst 1.2
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "1.2"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.7"
mc-1-7-remake: true
torrent: magnet:?xt=urn:btih:0283409ac95d6b963a960e94e095364f023124c5&dn=Wurst%201.2%20REMAKE&tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.opentrackr.org%3a1337%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2f9.rarbg.com%3a2810%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2fopen.tracker.cl%3a1337%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2fexodus.desync.com%3a6969%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.openbittorrent.com%3a6969%2fannounce&tr=http%3a%2f%2fopenbittorrent.com%3a80%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2fwww.torrent.eu.org%3a451%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2fvibe.sleepyinternetfun.xyz%3a1738%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker2.dler.org%3a80%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.torrent.eu.org%3a451%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.tiny-vps.com%3a6969%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.srv00.com%3a6969%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.pomf.se%3a80%2fannounce&tr=http%3a%2f%2ftracker.openbittorrent.com%3a80%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.ololosh.space%3a6969%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.moeking.me%3a6969%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2fretracker.netbynet.ru%3a2710%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2fopentor.org%3a2710%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2fopen.stealth.si%3a80%2fannounce
---
This is the last version before Minecraft 1.8. As you can see in the changelog, it's mostly about fixes, but there are a couple new features as well.

The Kaboom mod will probably confuse a lot of people, so I will explain it here:

It sends a ton of digging packets to all blocks around you. It's like FastBreak in the instant mode, but with 2000 blocks at once. Theoretically, this breaks them all instantly, but the server can't keep up with it.

By default, it's bound to the Grave key (or Ö on a German keyboard).

The "Kaboom power" slider configures the amount of packets per block (ppb). The higher this value is, the more blocks will be broken, but it will also cause more server-side lag.

It works best with fast tools and soft blocks, like diamond shovel vs dirt or diamond pickaxe vs quartz.

Note that this cannot bypass NoCheat+ because NoCheat+ blocks any kind of packet spam.

If you use this mod correctly, you can grief stuff in no time. But you could also use it to crash a server by setting the power to 512ppb and spam-pressing Grave/Ö as fast as you can.

## Changelog

<pre>
+Kaboom: Breaks blocks around you. Can be faster than Nuker but it's not an actual explosion.
+AntiBlind: Blocks blindness and nausea.
+.drop: Drops your whole inventory & bypasses NoCheat+ if YesCheat+ is enabled.
+AutoTool is now compatible with Nuker.
+FastBreak is now compatible with Nuker.
+ForceOP/AuthMeCracker should now work better with the French, Spanish and Italian version of AuthMe.
*Fixed incompatibility with Java 6... hopefully.
*Fixed some bugs in AutoSign.
*Fixed some bugs in ForceOP/AuthMeCracker.
*Fixed RemoteView not working with friends.
*Many smaller fixes, improvements and changes.
</pre>
