---
title: Wurst 3.3 - Better YesCheat+, New Bypasses & More
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "3.3"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.9"
image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/HZnGijgiBkYEWrcNuU_UQ7YD0Fp3YzxU9cVSsUcGUYWmH1LMYIt784hUMUr3suEBvMepZ8KPGyjpMooURtKRE6fh0ez3VH3Q_Yra1jmfx2yox1M-423kvIDGFIn2b1zmk0G_Q3lI7F521kxLboQKednppBf_OyIjW1ahVx2Zu1bIxuBnNEJkasWZgROoj7xwxuVBQNUV9ZIVFqqZvzEkcIm81ylPH4V9r_qPk4P_nmH14-Eiq6vjxSeusXoXirNmuNHguC02wo0I_GtMLrzUBdpjPXRIR8lLn9AQ_zmZ-4R2FEXMRSZY46M1-KAz2kagWvX2cOmjjndnj0GIBH1g4WKwDqTU4HPXChVezgA1E-pn3kNu2Ei9RPgUSAvaPQYZaD4wAIjmCPL0L8yCcNcpIDLPjgqMcQ-wSDKO2so4juGHTadOyTq0X0wcqi0ctZQgRBP-HOkXjKD_GDioofnr7da3JzokWMxJurOezPG4lu9BtzoXFKEgSXLj2917qM3NDjpsHCLyeMUYewKj90o-vmHCHbJfGmmRXXbP3YleKTxGbXR-hjElMYrJtszHcvI5373XItZYLtGOjRSuFSLb37S7eBEPVAoWGXlZ4-dmatuTTcgL=w1280-h720-no
old-downloads: true
---
## Changelog

[YesCheat+](/wiki/Special_Features/YesCheat/) now has different bypass levels:

- "Off" will not block anything.

- "Mineplex AntiCheat" will block all mods that cannot bypass Mineplex AntiCheat (this is what AntiMAC used to do).

- "AntiCheat" will block all mods that cannot bypass AntiCheat. AntiCheat is a weaker plugin than NoCheat+, so we have some more bypasses for that (including [NoFall](/wiki/Mods/NoFall/)).

- "Older NoCheat+" will block all mods that cannot bypass NoCheat+ at all, but won't block mods that have been patched in the latest version of NoCheat+ and can bypass older versions (this is what YesCheat+ used to do).

- "Latest NoCheat+" will block all mods that cannot bypass the latest version of NoCheat+ (and should also work with all plugins that don't have their own bypass level).

- "Ghost Mode" will block all mods that could look suspicious or could be detected by plugins.

We know that this is not, by any means, a complete list of all the AntiCheat plugins out there, but most of the other plugins are very similar to the ones listed here. Generally, "Latest NoCheat+" should bypass any non-self-learning AntiCheat plugins (e.g. AAC) and "Ghost Mode" should bypass any self-learning AntiCheat plugins (e.g. Watchdog).

**Note: Bypass levels are subject to change. If you notice some of the bypass levels blocking mods that they shouldn't block or keeping mods enabled that they should block then please report it at our [bug tracker](/bugs/).**



Other changes:

- [Step](/wiki/Mods/Step/) now has a "Packet" mode than allows you to step up full blocks on NoCheat+ servers without having to jump (community contribution by Marco-MC).

- Sliders and checkboxes can now be locked. This allows YesCheat+ to optimize your settings for better bypasses.

- [KillauraLegit](/wiki/Mods/KillauraLegit/), [MultiAura](/wiki/Mods/MultiAura/), [ClickAura](/wiki/Mods/ClickAura/), [TP-Aura](/wiki/Mods/TP-Aura/) and [TriggerBot](/wiki/Mods/TriggerBot/) can now override the settings of [Killaura](/wiki/Mods/Killaura/) with their own ones.

- [NukerLegit](/wiki/Mods/NukerLegit/) and [SpeedNuker](/wiki/Mods/SpeedNuker/) can now override the settings of [Nuker](/wiki/Mods/Nuker/) with their own ones.

- Sliders can now be disabled. For instance, the "Speed" slider in Killaura won't do anything while "Use cooldown as speed is checked". Some people were confused by that and posted comments like "Why is my Killaura so slow? My speed is set to 20!". Now that the slider is visually disabled (grayed out), it should be much easier to understand the effect of this setting.

- YesCheat+ is now a [special feature](/wiki/Special_Features/) instead of a [mod](/wiki/Mods/).

- Increased the width of buttons that change a mode setting of a feature (e.g. the template selector of [AutoBuild](/wiki/Mods/AutoBuild/)).

- Removed [AntiMAC](/wiki/Mods/AntiMAC/), as that is now part of YesCheat+.

- Removed the Realms button, as Wurst is no longer compatible to Minecraft Realms.

- Removed the error screen, as many of the errors reported there never actually arrived at our server. Instead, those errors will now cause a crash that you can report at the Wurst Bug Tracker.
