---
title: Wurst 3.2 - MC 1.9.2+ Support, Killaura Through Walls & More
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "3.2"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.9"
image: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10100202/31046209-1af42cc2-a5f5-11e7-845f-3bfe991995a0.jpg
old-downloads: true
---
## Changelog

- Wurst is now compatible to servers running Minecraft 1.9.1, 1.9.2, 1.9.3 and 1.9.4 (community contribution by Hexeption). We have added a button to the multiplayer menu that lets you switch between the versions, just like in the old days in Minecraft 1.7.X. Notice: Minecraft 1.9.4 support is currently unstable, but all other versions are working properly.

- You can now configure Killaura (and all the other auras) to hit entities through walls. There's a checkbox for that on the Killaura page. I can't guarantee that hitting through walls will bypass AntiCheat plugins, as it's a pretty easy thing for them to block, but it definitely used to work with NoCheat+ back in Minecraft 1.7.X. Also note that you have to be close to the wall, your range is limited!

- Added BonemealAura (community contribution by vovanre). Automatically uses bone meal on specific types of plants. Use the checkboxes to specify the types of plants.

- Added LogSpammer (community contribution by vovanre). Fills the server console with errors so that admins can't see what you are doing.

- Added a "Report a Bug" button to the Wurst Options.

- Added a mode setting to FastBreak.

- The "Tutorial" buttons in Navigator are now called "Help" buttons, as they link to a feature's wiki page, which doesn't have to be a tutorial.

- Fixed FastLadder being slightly too fast.

- Fixed AutoRespawn not showing a tutorial button.

- Fixed the "Open to LAN" button opening the Wurst Options instead of the "Open to LAN" screen.

- Fixed HealthTags not showing.

- Fixed NoHurtcam not disabling the hurtcam.

- Fixed Killaura (and some other auras) doing weird things when entities are outside of your range.

- Fixed a potential issue with MassTPA (community contribution by mcccs).

- Removed the [`.fastbreak` command](/wiki/Commands/fastbreak/). Now that FastBreak has a mode setting, this command is no longer needed.
