---
title: Wurst 3.1 - Better Killaura Bypass & Much More
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "3.1"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.9"
image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/NTm80ATfhZdwz53c20J_VB5-d6NUatQ_L6GgYaKPK1TZI9RC5r4DsXqmuoq4-D3_hLj_TfkBDt5TEC1CiHKCx0Q7R_MUmgaFGDV5x2DKf52eoE14tBU62W-03a-zizkauFqpJdCidHhFjvuQcT4A9I7fRtfCa80Ae7t_i18tKMUQK4jsr9IgWZIEYGWGkg7Hs_dzdOL1cPOLeROy5w78ltfctuPGkH9pnL13FWdBl8t-donjfHS4pZs7hirvbTo4IgCUM2rJDF2Usr6n6eLI23_safcZGDkaoRSgwN4KCXRu-UY6lR8QH6OMAxjtpuP3lT3FO92NnOBb6HDd5XRtokPgB6EyGPiPK_8uREH3UCXXo8cbxbiQQMrjaX5cEPPt3pJgux1UOZ5zcrcPs3oqNOrhfZKFSydxqEpxVcFsAEdX1UgfMnDlyAxIYKoSiQSiqCd45zTdMcjzZ388T0qxLsFiqiRxjavOLFdV4Nr6E25OjLcJrgUG1HX2_YTxgjFN6dqtI8IhuoEA6bVfN-XpEPtd1fQFOF5sOU9g0otW2ps_7XkwB2djsZPFiG6hMi2HBNXBL7pzJm3afG_rP4-ZDM6NnFn4xXo63lcBqhLRHkJzp-9W=w1280-h720-no
old-downloads: true
---
## Changelog

- You can now bind multiple [commands](/wiki/Commands/) to the same key. In the Keybind Manager, the commands are separated by a semicolon (`;`). In [Navigator](/wiki/Mods/Navigator/), adding a new keybind to a key that is already bound to something will now add the new command without removing the old one. Removing a keybind through Navigator will now only remove the selected command instead of removing all keybinds of the selected key.

- The [Alt Manager](/wiki/Special_Features/Alt_Manager) will no longer log you in multiple times when adding or editing an alt. That means you will no longer get IP-banned from Mojang's login servers, unless of course you manually log in multiple times.

- Improved the search bar in Navigator. It now knows a lot more synonyms for the different hacks. For instance, if you search for "SpeedyGonzales", it will now find [FastBreak](/wiki/Mods/FastBreak).



- Added articles on the [Wurst Wiki](/wiki/Main_Page/) for all features that didn't have one before. Some of them are stub articles and you can help us by expanding them.

- The Alt Manager now supports unchecked alts.

- Double clicking on an alt in the Alt Manager will now do the same thing as selecting it and pressing the "Use" button.

- [FastLadder](/wiki/Mods/FastLadder/) will now climb ladders roughly 15% faster (community contribution by ThisTestUser).

- Fixed [Killaura](/wiki/Mods/Killaura/) not properly bypassing when hitting entities behind the player.

- Fixed the Alt Manager not saving alts for some people.

- Fixed [Nuker](/wiki/Mods/Nuker/) kicking you from the server (community contribution by vovanre)
