---
title: Wurst 7.0pre9 - Search Hack, Taco, 19w38b, 19w39a
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "7.0pre9"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.14.4"
  - "19w38b"
  - "19w39a"
fabric: true
image: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10100202/65689803-1089c700-e06e-11e9-9e67-3e4766b36a0b.jpg
---
## Changelog

- This version of Wurst is available for Minecraft 1.14.4, 19w38b and 19w39a.
  
  **Warning:** The rendering in 19w39a is very broken. Most ESPs won't work.

- Search is back!

- Added a "Block" setting to Search that determines the type of block to search for. (`.search` will not be added back, as this setting makes it obsolete.)

- Search will now target `minecraft:diamond_ore` by default.

- Search will now scan whole chunks instead of individual blocks.

- Added an "Area" setting to Search that determines the area around the player in which it will search. (default: 11x11 chunks)

- Search can now search an area of up to 33x33 chunks!

  That's an area of 528 x 528 x 256 blocks, or a volume of over 71,000,000 blocks, or a range of ~264 blocks.

  Previous versions were limited to a range of 50 blocks, or an area of 101 x 101 x 101 blocks, or a volume of ~1,000,000 blocks.

- Added a "Limit" setting to Search that determines the maximum number of blocks to display. (default: 10,000 blocks)

  Previously the limit was locked to 1,000 blocks. Now you can set to up to 1,000,000 blocks if your PC can handle it.

- Greatly improved the performance of Search to allow for the increased range and block limit.

- `.taco` is back!

- Updated Fabric API to 0.3.3+build.234-1.14 / 0.3.4+build.238-1.15.

## Working Features

Since this is an early pre-release, it does not yet have all of the features of Wurst 7.0.

### Hacks:

- AntiCactus
- AntiSpam
- AutoDrop
- AutoFarm
- AutoFish
- AutoSprint
- AutoSwim
- AutoWalk
- BunnyHop
- Dolphin
- FastBreak
- FastLadder
- FastPlace
- Fish
- Flight
- Freecam
- Fullbright
- ItemESP
- ItemGenerator
- Killaura
- MobESP
- MobSpawnESP
- NoFall
- Nuker
- PlayerESP
- Search
- Sneak
- Spider
- X-Ray

### Commands:

- `.annoy`
- `.author`
- `.binds`
- `.clear`
- `.copyitem`
- `.drop`
- `.gm`
- `.help`
- `.modify`
- `.say`
- `.taco`

### GUIs:

- Window-based ClickGUI (which you can open by pressing **Right CTRL**).

- Navigator (which you can open by pressing **Right Shift**).

- TabGUI will be added back in later pre-releases.

## Installation

1. **Download the <a href="https://fabricmc.net/use/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Fabric installer</a>** with the following options:

   Installation for: <kbd>Vanilla</kbd>  
   Installer version: <kbd>0.5.0.33</kbd>  
   Download installer: (choose either <kbd>EXE</kbd> or <kbd>JAR</kbd>)

1. **Run the Fabric installer** as follows:

   Minecraft Version: <kbd>1.14.4</kbd>, <kbd>19w38b</kbd> or <kbd>19w39a</kbd>  
   Show snapshots: Yes  
   Loader Version: <kbd>0.6.2+build.166</kbd>  
   Select Install Location: (leave it at the default)  
   Create profile: (leave it enabled)

1. **Download the Fabric API** (<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2791092" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 1.14.4</a>) (<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2794490" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 19w38b</a>) (<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2798869" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 19w39a</a>).

1. **Download Wurst** (see download buttons [below](#downloads)).

1. **Place both Wurst and the fabric API in your `%appdata%/.minecraft/mods` folder.**
