---
title: Wurst 7.0pre15 - NoWeb, VClip, 19w45a Support
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "7.0pre15"
minecraft-versions:
  - "19w45a"
  - "1.14.4"
fabric: true
image: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10100202/68466892-f242e980-021d-11ea-9cd7-365deb9b0879.jpg
---
## Changelog

- This version of Wurst is available for Minecraft 1.14.4 and 19w45a.

- NoWeb is back!

- `.vclip` is back!

- Added an "Alt Manager" button to the main menu. This button is currently grayed out and says "(NYI)" because Alt Manager is **n**ot **y**et **i**mplemented.

- Fixed the Zoom Manager not properly changing the Zoom keybind.

- Fixed ClickGUI and Navigator not rendering properly in snapshot versions.

I know it's not much. This wasn't a very productive week for me. Sorry about that.

## Working Features

Please keep in mind that this is just a pre-release! It doesn't (yet) have all of the features of Wurst 7, or all of the features of Wurst 6. Only the following features are included in this version:

### Hacks:

- AntiCactus
- AutoMine
- AutoRespawn
- AntiSpam
- AutoDrop
- AutoFarm
- AutoFish
- AutoSprint
- AutoSwim
- AutoSwitch
- AutoTool
- AutoWalk
- BunnyHop
- ChestESP
- Dolphin
- FancyChat
- FastBreak
- FastLadder
- FastPlace
- Fish
- Flight
- Freecam
- Fullbright
- ItemESP
- ItemGenerator
- Killaura
- KillauraLegit
- MobESP
- MobSpawnESP
- NoFall
- NoWeb
- Nuker
- PlayerESP
- Search
- Sneak
- Spider
- X-Ray

### Commands:

- `.annoy`
- `.author`
- `.binds`
- `.clear`
- `.copyitem`
- `.drop`
- `.enchant`
- `.friends`
- `.gm`
- `.help`
- `.modify`
- `.say`
- `.taco`
- `.t`
- `.vclip`

## Other Features

- HackList
- Keybind Manager
- Middle Click Friends
- ServerFinder
- Server Clean Up
- Wurst Logo (can be disabled)
- Zoom

### GUIs:

- Window-based ClickGUI (which you can open by pressing **Right CTRL**).

- Navigator (which you can open by pressing **Right Shift**).

- TabGUI will be added back in later pre-releases.

## Installation

See [this tutorial](/tutorials/wurst-7-optifine/) for a more detailed explanation with pictures.

1. **Download the <a href="https://fabricmc.net/use/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Fabric installer</a>** with the following options:

   Installation for: <kbd>Vanilla</kbd>  
   Installer version: <kbd>0.5.0.33</kbd>  
   Download installer: (choose either <kbd>EXE</kbd> or <kbd>JAR</kbd>)

1. **Run the Fabric installer** as follows:

   Minecraft Version: <kbd>1.14.4</kbd> or <kbd>19w45a</kbd>  
   Show snapshots: Yes  
   Loader Version: <kbd>0.6.3+build.168</kbd>  
   Select Install Location: (leave it at the default)  
   Create profile: (leave it enabled)

1. **Download the Fabric API** (<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2810785" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 1.14.4</a>) (<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2823594" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 19w45a</a>).

1. **Download Wurst** (see download buttons [below](#downloads)).

1. **Place both Wurst and the fabric API in your `%appdata%/.minecraft/mods` folder.**
