---
title: Wurst 5.3 - TemplateTool, Better AutoBuild & More
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "5.3"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.11"
image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/5JTt-jeBuYcLJVdAggvfNqQTvAghGE9KEL6Y6sPOV2EJT47nj_r_jSL5b9wdPP_atZqVcpmA36a5I5NNI97tK8WEd1tJyWd8AqaxNLLr_CsiQvnyduvikmack596ZxCVINlmwWvE2DxSHZ_ThzFV_nkEAmUoBU-41UEKJVfzdv_kE5MpXMX3zv_BoTM3gSrDisiJj7fn5p4adhu_5HsRNxYGJCRNYAwCd2OIz6Gl6lZIOUmdgPgD9xKgNaPufumgfekubD1-9VNLy0HNe38gyIaXDovpeN9RiPqEVf3WRXwgpASL_2O0CS_uJGjwJIzWqzvI_Au83NC1KRpfURhoNn4dNs7y3Q8MTa6UtKgnqSqiYStWk5IHEfoRT6tZpzpezrDJNmSmv8HPuQ4firMuXTgOdxpf4BZH_JsESimGZE5ae7ttnnaqkxHqSmiaXBaYwRhw61VK85JKsd4IAgtc1kLsm8Y6ZDPncztTaIcvjUiQuE0M3_IKAzQotrQwgLL2MO5U1QEf9WcuHx576dsu898VQwWufA9D92k2puTG5IwpjYNTeHrvPDGQL-OfhETa87_06PmF0IJOBSJDZUC7hdzEpJVm9AjgKvkMebpAu3_-DMWmGSky5A1hnatyPr2UEN4t26Xu0v8mmJMVvJi2ARikNnUbnT0vfqH4M6y72A=w1280-h720-no
old-downloads: true
---
## Changelog

- Added TemplateTool, a tool that allows you to create custom templates for AutoBuild by scanning existing buildings.

- AutoBuild, BuildRandom and InstantBunker will now properly bypass NoCheat+ again.

- Redesigned the preview in AutoBuild and InstantBunker that shows when using YesCheat+.

- Improved performance of AutoBuild, BuildRandom and InstantBunker.

- 4-dimensional "advanced" AutoBuild templates are no longer supported. Instead, 3-dimensional "simple" templates can now be used to build things that previously required 4D templates.

  - Any existing 4D variants of the default templates will be automatically replaced with the new 3D versions. Any other 4D templates will be automatically deleted.

- Improved AutoEat:

  - It now has an "Ignore screen" checkbox. When checked, AutoEat will continue eating while the inventory, a chest or any other kind of screen is open. This would not be possible in vanilla Minecraft and may therefore look suspicious. This checkbox is checked by default, but will be force-unchecked when using YesCheat+ in Ghost Mode.

  - It will no longer open containers, trade with villagers or feed pets when trying to eat. If your cursor is pointing at any of those objects while AutoEat is enabled, it will wait until that is no longer the case before attempting to eat something.

- Fixed the auto-updater.
