---
title: Wurst 5.4 - Better AutoBuild, Minecraft 1.11.2 Compatibility
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "5.4"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.11"
image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/nScyZBgt873nKCshnLM3-kE7biiUvEkpFOHiC7e0PNonvOuLt4pwkx4naWIJEhXzH9rh57D9Rhn8FdKqjNK5jbU4ZBPyRXdxlYjCYkzikA_V0p1XU9Yq3jlSC_LrwRh7HGuw7A2pZma-wBlQWEWsG9xhUz_1C0PiwfgD9wHG3HOgWqkpPcR0Sdpb8ttPwQ5XUHlr6qrhfVIRLUMx73DWlgRVSd5FiwktQSzJId-xIiERNdKqFaUb130LY3FzfHdMqxXSsDF7rU-kqfXCO8yPmk-fpBUgykOL7LKQYBed7XlcYrXrNorlBFCjmUPLfI_8TJiUllON7fJpk3b-jJIflVCHTpnxAupxBUqkk0MGUX6mgqmMf1PpTvuR0Uz7rE6hBy4f4-HsehM4rFCgL_8CDZiLCumnduMRtkEHe45NHJAyLy9KcZ4UmulVEo5e5nUG1o9_XznhvGsTbU6Xp3d0fwpB86uDdbZCZEDWtc1BqgUCf_6ZzkJSlDeHs4zqedy1eAdYkTvbEWysqYmSi9em3thfb3QzkA28-07zOZJK88xGptE6m4rXTLld58PDZvVEUoAaris8wDrXWlWmrY5Pu1iYFsxu-8qLYYtSa3Ftgp4fxv0A9FEcCqi5LwAo9EqdU5p_eSRuxiaFwshISLO5TSNatYnuu2UyTlpM6J3sdw=w1280-h720-no
old-downloads: true
---
## Changelog

- Added AutoBuild modes:

  - **Fast**: Places blocks as quickly as possible, but doesn't bypass NoCheat+.

  - **Legit**: Places blocks like a normal player would. Bypasses NoCheat+ completely.

- Added a **Use AI (experimental)** checkbox to AutoBuild. When checked, AutoBuild will use the Wurst AI to automatically move the player within range of the next block that needs to be placed. This setting is experimental because it can easily get stuck. Here are some tips to prevent that from happening:

  - **Set AutoBuild to "Fast" mode.** The AI currently only checks the distance to the block it wants to place, but "Legit" mode also checks the angle, so it will often end up standing behind the block and wondering why it can't be placed.

  - **Use the AI while flying.** Of course the AI is able to walk, but AutoBuild won't necessarily build in such a way that it is possible to climb up the building. Depending on what you build and how high it is, the AI might get stuck when walking.

- Added compatibility to Minecraft 1.11.1 and Minecraft 1.11.2.

- Improved the speed of AutoBuild when using FastPlace.

- Added a progress indicator to AutoBuild.

- To prevent lag, AutoBuild's preview will now only render the next 1024 blocks of the selected template.

- Fixed Flight being slowed down by water.

- Fixed a crash when the options file is corrupted.
