---
title: Wurst 5.6 - Better NoCheat+ Bypasses, Better Nukers & More
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "5.6.2"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.11"
image: https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/10100202/22139610/6ca41a8a-dee7-11e6-871d-33a6227fabcd.jpg
old-downloads: true
---
## Changelog

- Killaura, KillauraLegit, ClickAura and BowAimbot will now prioritize targets based on their angle to the player's server-side rotation instead of their distance to the player. This minimizes fake-rotations made by those features, increasing their speed while also making them harder to detect.

- Improved NoCheat+ bypass, range, accuracy and performance of Nuker.

- Improved NoCheat+ bypass, range and accuracy of NukerLegit.

- Improved NoCheat+ bypass of AutoBuild.

- Improved NoCheat+ bypass of BonemealAura.

- Improved NoCheat+ bypass and accuracy of Tunneller.

- Improved speed and performance of Kaboom and SpeedNuker.

- Kaboom and SpeedNuker will now work in both survival and creative mode.

- Kaboom and SpeedNuker will no longer get you kicked from the server quite as often.

- Improved accuracy of PlayerFinder.

- Renamed the "Mineplex AntiCheat" mode in YesCheat+ to "Mineplex".

- Changed default FastBreak mode to "Instant".

- Maybe (probably) fixed the Nuker crash. There is no way to know for sure, as we have never been able to reproduce this crash despite numerous attempts.

- Fixed TemplateTool not being able to scan very small objects.

- Fixed TrueSight not showing invisible entities.

- Fixed Wurst AI not climbing up vines correctly.

- Fixed KillauraLegit rotating too quickly.

- Removed BlockHit, as block-hitting with swords is no longer possible.

- Removed the "version" button on the multiplayer screen. Instead, Wurst will now automatically select the correct protocol version whenever you connect to a server.

## Update: Wurst 5.6.1

- Improved automatic protocol selection.

## Update: Wurst 5.6.2

- Further improved automatic protocol selection.
