---
title: "Early Access: Wurst 7.45pre1"
layout: update_kofi
category: Wurst Update
kofi_url: https://ko-fi.com/Post/Early-Access-Wurst-7-45pre1-N4N610VER0
modified_date: "2024-07-23"
wurst-version: "7.45pre1"
minecraft-versions:
- '1.21'
auto-list-mcversions: true
fabric: true
log4shell-patched: true
image: https://images.wurstclient.net/_media/update/wurst_7.45pre1_540p.webp
fabric-api:
  '1.21': 0.100.7+1.21
---
## Changelog

- Brought back the TemplateTool hack from Wurst 6, which allows you create custom AutoBuild templates by scanning existing buildings. ([video demo](https://youtu.be/xLaTu0wBTdw))

- ChatTranslator can now translate your sent messages as well.

- Added a "Translate" setting to ChatTranslator where you can choose between translating received messages, sent messages, or both.

- Renamed the "Translate from" and "Translate to" settings to "Your language" and "Other language", as the "from" and "to" would be reversed for sent messages.

- Added "Detect received language" and "Detect sent language" checkboxes to ChatTranslator, so you can choose when to use Google Translate's auto detection separately for received and sent messages.

- Added a "Filter own messages" setting to ChatTranslator. If enabled, ChatTranslator will try to detect your own messages and not translate them.

- Improved ChatTranslator's ability to detect when Google Translate fails to translate a message. ([#477](https://github.com/Wurst-Imperium/Wurst7/pull/477))

- ChatTranslator now uses virtual threads for better performance.

- Fixed a crash when leaving a world or server while Killaura / KillauraLegit is attacking, or while TriggerBot is enabled. ([#1037](https://github.com/Wurst-Imperium/Wurst7/pull/1037))

## Included Features

{% include update/features.html hacks=site.data.hacks.since_v7_45pre1 commands=site.data.commands.since_v7_36 other=site.data.other_features.since_v7_36 %}
{% include update/default-keybinds.html keybinds=site.data.default_keybinds.since_v7 %}
{% include update/guis.html %}
{% include update/supported-languages.html languages=site.data.supported_languages.since_v7_39 %}
