---
title: Wurst 7.45 - TemplateTool, Better ChatTranslator
category: Wurst Update
modified_date: "2024-08-19"
wurst-version: "7.45"
minecraft-versions:
- 1.21.1
- '1.21'
- 1.20.6
- 1.20.4
- 1.20.1
auto-list-mcversions: true
fabric: true
log4shell-patched: true
image: https://images.wurstclient.net/_media/update/wurst_7.45_540p.webp
wurstforum_thread: 705
fabric-api:
  1.21.1: 0.102.0+1.21.1
  '1.21': 0.102.0+1.21
  1.20.6: 0.100.8+1.20.6
  1.20.4: 0.97.1+1.20.4
  1.20.1: 0.92.2+1.20.1
  24w33a: 0.102.2+1.21.2
snapshots:
- 24w33a
---
## Changelog

- Brought back the TemplateTool hack from Wurst 6, which allows you to create custom AutoBuild templates by scanning existing buildings. ([video demo](https://youtu.be/xLaTu0wBTdw))

- Using MaceDMG together with other combat hacks like Killaura now works as expected. ([/d/663](https://wurstforum.net/d/663), [#1046](https://github.com/Wurst-Imperium/Wurst7/issues/1046)) (Minecraft 1.20.6+)

- ChatTranslator can now translate your sent messages as well. ([/d/602](https://wurstforum.net/d/602))

- Added a "Translate" setting to ChatTranslator where you can choose between translating received messages, sent messages, or both.

- Renamed the "Translate from" and "Translate to" settings to "Your language" and "Other language", as the "from" and "to" would be reversed for sent messages.

- Added "Detect received language" and "Detect sent language" checkboxes to ChatTranslator, so you can choose when to use Google Translate's auto detection separately for received and sent messages.

- Added a "Filter own messages" setting to ChatTranslator. If enabled, ChatTranslator will try to detect your own messages and not translate them.

- Improved ChatTranslator's ability to detect when Google Translate fails to translate a message. ([#477](https://github.com/Wurst-Imperium/Wurst7/pull/477))

- ChatTranslator now uses virtual threads for better performance. (Minecraft 1.20.6+)

- Added an "Ignore mouse input" setting to AimAssist. When increased above zero, AimAssist will ignore some of your mouse input while it's aiming. This makes it harder for you to accidentally aim away from the target.

- Fixed the zoom also activating in screens, for example when typing V into the chat box. Also added a "Zoom in screens" checkbox in case anyone preferred this behavior.

- On servers that force you to enable chat reports, NoChatReports will now replace the cryptic "Chat disabled due to missing profile public key." message with a better one.

- Fixed a crash when leaving a world or server while Killaura / KillauraLegit is attacking, or while TriggerBot is enabled. ([#1037](https://github.com/Wurst-Imperium/Wurst7/pull/1037))

- Fixed AntiBlind only partially preventing the darkness effect. ([/d/688](https://wurstforum.net/d/688))

- Fixed AutoArmor trying to equip horse armor and wolf armor. (Minecraft 1.20.6+)

- Fixed the Reconnect and AutoReconnect buttons being misaligned. (Minecraft 1.21+)

- Added a note to AntiHunger, warning that it can cause extra fall damage under some specific but unknown conditions. (If you find out what these conditions are, please let me know!)

- NoFall and AntiHunger will now disable each other.

- Updated AutoComplete's list of OpenAI models. The default model is now `gpt-4o-2024-08-06`.

- Fixed a crash when your language code in options.txt contains uppercase letters.

## Known Issues in 24w33a

Snapshot 24w33a contains a large amount of breaking changes, resulting in many Wurst features not working as expected.

- X-Ray doesn't work.

- HealthTags doesn't work.

- Kaboom doesn't render the explosion particles anymore.

- LSD doesn't work.

If you find any other issues in this snapshot, please [let them be known](https://wurstforum.net/t/bugs-snapshots) so we can work towards a stable and feature-complete version over the coming weeks and months.

## Included Features

{% include update/features.html hacks=site.data.hacks.since_v7_45pre1 commands=site.data.commands.since_v7_36 other=site.data.other_features.since_v7_36 %}
{% include update/default-keybinds.html keybinds=site.data.default_keybinds.since_v7 %}
{% include update/guis.html %}
{% include update/supported-languages.html languages=site.data.supported_languages.since_v7_39 %}
