---
title: Wurst 2.7 - Mineplex Bypasses, Better Blink, Bugfixes
description: If Wurst hasn't dominated Mineplex already then it certainly will now.
category: Wurst Update
Wurst-version: v2.7
minecraft-version: 1.8.X
video: qfogePWW0FI
image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/myt_iXruz2Gnvu400vourPlRCVk1Vz0e8lnbBJsy59bVLVGzQi7d7znMEYyJ6IDyT2kL6jviXbKlel6DOup023sxJV2gJaFkm83XAVo5CiCVdLJfEaRI-uxAPOIAgWq191xst-uj98jm9B26wKgc9clN08ibDb6hnTDn2GWIs4dcwaai9QlLpu7UyYZBrvavxgzYi59uiNxWL8rpKcNgK5h09qxqqXsNCwEnS3yZVYt-FqzaFxoEYz5O8X2RiFwboqqH-QjHE1W0tpCXWgCYEd5H9tBHsqV7ZVAA8Su2zpC21eNJs2g9i6hDuof08YDufdd8enRimVwDCBn3TeXBP67JgUtNvJXqLC9uhx654H3kMNHVWf4WZp_r7VA_HIrozmsS4nPgqS0_fBwga0TYBI0hxvu41r-FkvAvV2cyU_76oUIKqBKc6k0aq9sqMYQsciYpAPThNQ5-qAfv0BNz7JsLpDGQnzBbHNMVdnfr6S9aIK1ZXe2XVBBA0pi9__JGmFRJnNQy6bq94IItmGwxdBMmmRLn0vk9okqvW5iVIkWczU2GJyN1u0DwO12UXQXnh8afMSlGHcCwpC-1W03HHFwnJZFmEzEidusihtfisEj-22Jj=w1280-h720-no
---
If Wurst hasn't dominated Mineplex already then it certainly will now.

This update adds an AntiMAC mod, similar to the YesCheat+ mod, that makes other mods able to bypass Mineplex AntiCheat. These mods also include Flight, MultiAura and Regen, making PVP on Mineplex incredibly easy.

While trying it out on the Microbattle game, I was able to get several double- and triple-kills, despite having barely any experience in PVP. Really all I did was flying around with MultiAura and watching the other players die like flies.

By the way, the Flight bypass has been improved as well. When using it on Mineplex with the new AntiMAC mod enabled, you will now be able to fly up and down and be generally twice as fast as with the YesCheat+ version. Note that you might get a little bit of damage when flying up too far, so don't do it if you only have one heart left.
<!--read more-->

## Changelog
- :new: AntiMAC: Makes other mods bypass Mineplex AntiCheat or blocks them if they can't.

- :new: Better Blink: You can now virtually blink forever while standing still. The milliseconds counter will only increase while you are moving. Suggested in [Feedback #394](https://feedback.wurst-client.tk/?id=394).

- :new: If a new version of Wurst is available, the in-game version indicator at the top left will now say "(outdated)" after the Wurst version. This is for those who can't use the auto-updater.

- :star: Flight on Mineplex will now be able to fly up and down and will be twice as fast as the YesCheat+ version if AntiMAC is enabled.

- :rocket: Performance improvements regarding beacons, beds, rain and void particles.

- :bug: Fixed a rare crash. Reported in [Issue #2307](https://github.com/Wurst-Imperium/Wurst-Client/issues/2307).

- :bug: Fixed another rare crash caused by Nuker.

- :bug: Fixed some mods deactivating after closing Wurst with Blink enabled.

- :bug: Fixed some potential bugs in vanilla Minecraft (found with FindBugs).

- :x: Wurst will no longer track the popularity of mods and commands. Over 65 million mods and over 500 thousand commands have been toggled/typed last month and it couldn't keep up with that anymore.

- :x: Removed name & skin preview in the Add Alt, Edit Alt and Direct Login screens. This often caused an IP ban from the auth server when trying to add/edit alts or doing a direct login, as it had to log in every time it needed the username.
