---
title: Wurst 2.8 - Better Performance, ForcePush, Bugfixes
description:
category: Wurst Update
Wurst-version: v2.8.2
minecraft-version: 1.8.X
video: rOt7wnheSuE
image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/VlGKZC8OsKfyOLqbZxnwQmQei4OQ-YmzFQxU7fMlucaoma6w3h68D7RG3VKlfYwVroZ7Yak1Z9Ek1Q8uUl9vwmLsTF9LeAVw0qoCRpLomfU6-y_e3eFbetD3uuWhXyzMd-FyZfTSNuCIZ9Et6vk2NLHrD9LCtunBlmgR76uOfKcGGD_eMsVcvydhTQgOrdl72LbEv_AoNvEkKiG3wp5NA_jZkltonCia4XMJaMhcnX7SPW6S9YqCZWjdxep4aoqK8fXSWsLZ02GDaam-IbsKlDwJ3nPRxCzBJ44_heJ7FHZ4-17utUUXHMzoPUJwt_6a4ejM6La7D7YnWKlprVIuIE76W7dbBtMX05eiJcYbBDEDpQ3R712yA9FdC225uYn858ozbKlhEtgiFHWChNDaSzd10jsZ9FBh7evFb1NmMDNqaaKQm2C_utq-Bmdjg1vEVuayj1kbH_DIf81vheQ5q604ge3sFL_wcqdmU54mC07jH6r4NdEky3pBCThL8Nygo_OWg7uMk-u3uPuoD31TFKI7Pe6arSdX1h8vl0Kvv__1L_y0IGMy8J7KYku1reDe50bCkGWGVnwDeDetq5VkVibzJFkMbWz5adbgzdPPwuHqOICy=w1280-h720-no
---
## Changelog
- :rocket: **Improved rendering performance:** Minecraft 1.8 had a performance issue that created 4096 BlockPos objects every time a 16x16x16 chunk of land is rendered. The creator of OptiFine found this issue and Mojang fixed it in Minecraft 1.8.1, but since Wurst is based on Minecraft 1.8 it was still affected by this issue.

- :bug: **Fixed a crash when using Java 6 / 7:** Instead of crashing, it should now show an error message with a tutorial for how to update to Java 8.

- :bug: **Fixed the Alt Manager breaking if one of the files is missing.** In other words, if you tried to clear your alt list by deleting the `alts.json` file, the Alt manager stopped saving any of your alts.

Those were the three biggest issues with Wurst and now they should all be fixed. Enjoy!

More changes:

- :new: **ForcePush mod**: Pushes mobs like crazy. They'll literally fly away! More funny than useful, but still very cool.

- :star: **Wurst Capes will now be hosted on a new server** that should allow far more capes than the old one. I'm not sure if this server will be able to handle the traffic, so if it goes down it can be switched back to the old server without requiring another Wurst update.

- :star: **Wurst Capes will now be bound to the UUID** instead of the username, so you can now change your name without losing your cape.

- :bug: **Fixed a rare crash when viewing the main screen.** Reported in [Feedback 535](https://feedback.wurstclient.net/?id=535).

<!--read more-->

There were lots of things going on this week, so I couldn't add too many new features. I did, however, manage to fix some of the biggest issues with Wurst.

If you want to get a Wurst shirt or something like that before I have to take the fan shop down, then here is the link for that: [https://www.wurstclient.net/fanshop/](/fanshop/)

Once the fan shop is gone, I will do something completely different. I'm not quite sure yet what that is going to be, but it's definitely going to be much more awesome than a fan shop.

Honestly, merchandise is kinda useless. I want to sell something that is useful, helps people and solves people's problems, just like the Wurst Client is helping hundreds of thousands of people for free to grief servers and to cheat in PVP games. (and just to remove any confusion: Wurst will stay free forever)

When you can make money by helping people and solving people's problems then you know you really earned it, and I feel like this wasn't the case with the fan shop.

I didn't mention any of this in the actual video, but I feel like I very much should have mentioned it. Thanks for reading!

## Update: Wurst 2.8.1

- :bug: Fixed chests not rendering.

- :bug: Fixed the "(outdated)" thing looking weird.

## Update: Wurst 2.8.2

- :bug: Fixed a crash.
