---
title: Wurst 2.5 - OP-Sign in Survival, Redesigned Main Menu
description: This update makes it much easier to use the Sign-OP Exploit and fixes some problems with the GUI on smaller screens.
category: Wurst Update
Wurst-version: v2.5
minecraft-version: 1.8.X
video: lVm3I4Y3Pao
image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/IdncAFxwpY47fqaYPWSobqsgT4mt4j1maS8k4NUNiF9I6fJkxDxMz5_7siJOcLX_r3ysst0zUwcPNOzN7eoesEzdao1QIvwG9mrRyNFhQ097JKAXq3EEuVX3BI7D7lsbHoibT5289Z4F2Ov7VPZwgjldU3t2-ZWx1A8w9YEKo8w2VjWWpXjmZ0KpCu2IHv3jai8Y-VoWmmbtpQ38NuvkPhq1Hfc4r_XhRA3MPTFPlj3Rx4DNIS54WoysE2U1UW63Kkp54Eu3oT_19DWM0SONLy_Nn2kbuUFf-C3JMhsb_QEW5c1T46rZIXMAj83wH6q6JylYdYNqaxSbtXcDLE1bz62ai_LFi4i_tMAN_YS7pRbjRKvymbjhzUs1iKGjutjIMhv7licd7-kawXFcd2e9lJqT2F6GMgDyiLkmYD1njbzbUz1f3fmYpoQhjHYABbPsa-sLltFZ-cIC6OR6igZypS7iIvEW9FjQWs4PnnlV54anyqgQluGBsBswCp0ABtf3xrscnfg0w1P90BV_jQQvwEyADq8-MlhWf3bElucw1WEMeFYQgI-xPrfWlnjSXyq-2oPNLOytG_ImVs7RKZ9PxsCIsMUifSi8ZxQ2gG6AmgKyOIQ3=w1280-h720-no
---
This update makes it much easier to use the OP-Sign Exploit and fixes some problems with the GUI on smaller screens.

Watch this video to see the new OP-Sign in action:

## OP-Sign in Survival Mode
After enabling the OP-Sign mod and setting the command, you only need to craft a sign, place it and click on it. Creative mode is no longer required. It is still patched in Minecraft 1.8.6, but there are a number of servers that haven't updated yet.

Finding these servers will now be a lot easier as well, because you can now check the version of a server by typing `.sv` or by looking at it in the server list. Any server that is running Minecraft **1.8 - 1.8.5 without Spigot** will work.

The OP-Sign Exploit for Survival Mode has been suggested in [Issue #2196](https://github.com/Wurst-Imperium/Wurst-Client/issues/2196). This Issue also explains the technical details of the Exploit, in case anyone is wondering where I got it from. The `.sv` command was suggested in [Issue #2208](https://github.com/Wurst-Imperium/Wurst-Client/issues/2208).
<!--read more-->

## Redesigned Main Menu
The version and copyright infos at the top have been moved a bit further away from the corners to make them look nicer. The "Wurst News" heading above the Wurst News has been removed and a link to the Wurst Client website has taken its place. The position of the <kbd>Options</kbd> and <kbd>Quit Game</kbd> buttons has been adjusted on smaller screens to prevent them from colliding with the link.

On the bottom left and bottom right corners of the screen, you will now find six buttons that bring you to the main social media pages of Wurst, as well as the Wurst Feedback App and the Wurst Fan Shop.

This new design will better adapt to your screen size and run a bit more smoothly.

## GUI Scale Auto Fixed
Some users have reported problems with the GUI not fitting into their screen. In most cases, this was caused by the GUI Scale option being set to `Auto`, which makes the GUI incredibly big and prevents it from fitting into any screen.

To fix this problem, Wurst will now ignore the GUI Scale if it is set to `Auto` and use the `Large` scale instead. This will not affect your GUI scale while playing vanilla Minecraft, so if you like the incredibly big GUI and you have a vanilla Minecraft installation in the same directory, you won't need to change it back every time.

---

How do you like this update? Tell me in the comments section below!
