---
title: Wurst 2.6 - Team Selector, Bugfixes
description: This update makes all of Wurst's PVP mods fully compatible to team based minigames.
category: Wurst Update
Wurst-version: v2.6
minecraft-version: 1.8.X
video: iWiLPGOVJvI
image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/LZD1l7boH8Nmc99D8OKitqLEChnGkateGiHMP_RjKgHXTktscyTuMWSuktFyqgw5tHg9cB_-Ae3wTN4TNXxei1NL-pn8dFJz9xf9bzbLfEi-kwL9aNuJpPEnfuYj23pbde_eJWTL_VOTl8HUDlz6zFuf4UAL7MnJAPZMdtujCVV7OqtoPW1oZ-nc9haxUQij58bjVgwwaijnB1AO5F7NyJHnV8LJ5HqVPhJvwxDyTkV-Xl6TsvUgIs0tGcFsgw-ju2ri1wmUeq4jTIVu6Kzk2BBa8_IlceM5Job9Ji42MV0bARcziMNo6rbf1M-cyVsjme8BQLeiwuisoftNbYDycOJswKikc_vo8Jwv7sisb8b9sEgkVHUENm3zWy_32dBvy62YvljWp-_ME4m3YVJYE9Kmvd1zwDVr2NXCbNsP4oLC0_gmbO7fSu14JnQekAfKWFfe9q3AdhB0wJHIT2lSc4VpvXDM9oGgbIgDkVDFj2ZXPDDC5JUvBTj1OcYLPPDp3dQaJJQGfuaCL3zcD5BrB86mPoeEKxI8yF3icIntwNx0m73vauBlHTL7uIbrBbyiyLsvMTQmbr-zvNFObPoK44IIFB7Rxfr4jIUsQM3u1hXSbTuX=w1280-h720-no
---
This update makes all of Wurst's PVP mods fully compatible to team based minigames.

## Team Selector
You can now configure Killaura, BowAimbot, FightBot, etc. to only target entities that have a specific nametag color. This is especially useful for PVP games with teams, so you can attack players from the enemy team(s) but not the ones in your team.

To use this feature, go to the Target frame in the ClickGUI (the menu that opens when you press <kbd>CTRL</kbd>) and press the "Team Settings" button. A new menu will open where you can select the nametag colors to be targeted. Once you selected the colors, go back to the ClickGUI and make sure that the "Teams" option in the Target frame is enabled.
<!--read more-->

Watch this video to see the Team Selector in action:

## Bugfixes
The following bugs have been fixed:

- Wurst News not showing after joining a server.

- Autorun scripts showing an error message when leaving a server too quickly.

- A rare crash when joining servers.

- Mac users being able to activate AutoMaximize and not being able to deactivate Wurst News.

---

PS: If you like Wurst and you want to support me, please check out the [Wurst Fan Shop](/fanshop). I got a whole bunch of products there, like Wurst T-shirts and Wurst mouse pads, and it really helps me a lot.

Also, please give me some feedback about it. After all, there is no point in promoting this fan shop if you don't like it. So if you have any suggestions or critique about it, please let me know in the comments section below.
