---
title: Wurst 4.5 - Disable Button, Better Performance & Much More
category: Wurst Update
Wurst-version: v4.5
minecraft-version: 1.10.X
image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/6ClNz7gML9Abk3LEbE3PaOe4J_C39pPfuho-Zb48AYSnCfK4QD8hxaozusbZLqOHIYxgk13Tvnjvyyr040mEX_0mzjZq15gDJG7ppHfEitVHoDCeC1nIA3cFVVdG7nJqTI7HZlq_TUl7YYkdxDJ027a038gqsuk4RHEhTSvl4jPCqvxxB6Bq1gvu-nHlFrmsFkxm9bP6pX-rTN7K76-Llptz4O7ktMt9gs5Abw0wbdkDsL_iPF3C-e5HkZ4US5XOwUasdtWKe1GvObMt-a7-AGnYYyXxluvtY9BBxsapaAgOSivIZz9Eojn2GJ8RW0QXctNO5fMpfIKsLlL7Nanp_I_iQxFyWWyWDxmd4wtm5LjopHMFvVLEHBdfuD_Z6buUnJVzNMPN64kAPWz8z1Aw0CyGl1NDbhMb9dz1P1viKGQaY_qlFuP7wPFY43bFW72Swsc_oPxT25Wp5EzRZbP5zlwuwjXYUfNapOYTBOZ_yi6qbpWMcLDd8vAo8WlyIsM0I2OAZfKwlV_Np5_LkrjQP7BTXFbHU19jGxGjL82V1mIzNPxWS2-0LQZJ8x5BhLmTVHOBUrqe7CXih9cFRlCHgd3MaUYOy0ioXLovPupgbQ9u1IhX=w1280-h720-no
---
## Changelog

- Added "Disable Wurst" button on Statistics screen. This button disables everything that Wurst does and makes it look like vanilla Minecraft, except that there will be an "Enable Wurst" button where the disable button used to be.

- Killaura can now override the settings in Target. (We plan to add this ability to other features in the future, but for now only Killaura has it.)

- FightBot can now fly properly if either creative mode flight or Wurst's Flight mod is enabled. If either method of flight is enabled or disabled while FightBot is already running, it will recognize the change and adjust its behavior.

- Added cooldown support in Protect (if enabled in Killaura settings).

- Improved entity targeting algorithm. This increases the performance and accuracy all features that do something with entities (Killaura, BowAimbot, Follow, etc.), especially on servers that have a lot of entities.

- ClickAura, Killaura, KillauraLegit, MultiAura and TriggerBot will now only search for a target once they are ready for the next attack, increasing their performance.

<!--read more-->

- Improved ClickAura performance: It will no longer search for a target when the user isn't actually clicking.

- Improved MultiAura performance: It will no longer process more entities than it needs to.

- Improved RemoteView performance: It will now remember the entity that it is supposed to view instead of remembering only the entity's UUID and then searching for an entity with that ID twice per tick.

- Redesigned .path: It will now render the path using arrows instead of blocks so that you can see which direction you need to go.

- Improved PathFinder performance (.goto, .path, etc.).

- Improved .goto behavior for climbing ladders.

- All attack speed sliders now have a minimum value of 0.1 attacks per second, meaning that any feature that attacks things can now be configured to wait up to 10 seconds between attacks. (Not sure if anyone will ever need that, but it's good to have it anyways.)

- Improved distance calculations in Follow and Protect.

- Fixed PathFinder getting stuck when climbing.

- Fixed PathFinder not going into deep water unless NoFall or creative mode is enabled.

- Fixed .goto not being able to get out of water.

- Fixed rounding errors in slider settings.

- Fixed Protect not attacking correctly.

- Fixed MultiAura ignoring the speed slider.

- Fixed ClickAura, FightBot, Killaura and KillauraLegit moving the player's head slowly when set to a slow attack speed.

- Fixed FightBot not properly resetting the player's walking state.

- Fixed TP-Aura's teleportation speed being determined by the attack speed slider, even when the attack cooldown is used and the speed slider is disabled.

- Fixed Protect not swimming correctly in some situations.
