---
title: Wurst 2.17 - Better Killaura, New Sliders, New Tutorials
description: Attacking entities with Killaura while sprinting will no longer cancel the sprint. This allows you to move around more quickly in combat situations.
category: Wurst-update
Wurst-version: v2.17
video-id: shfLq6GixmY
images:
  - link: https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/10100202/13177872/16160378-d71c-11e5-9313-7433ae07f600.jpg
---
## Better Killaura
Attacking entities with Killaura while sprinting will no longer cancel the sprint. This allows you to move around more quickly in combat situations, which is useful for PVP.

This change will affect all of the following mods:

- ClickAura

- Killaura

- MultiAura

- TP-Aura

- TriggerBot

Killaura can still bypass NoCheat+, Mineplex AntiCheat and Hypixel AntiCheat with this change, but we have purposely not applied it to KillauraLegit in case any AntiCheat plugin will be able to detect it one day.

The log files will no longer be spammed with "20.0" or whatever your Killaura speed is. That was a debug output that we used in the development of [Wurst 2.16](/news/2016-02-12-Wurst-2-16/).

We fixed the bug when using MultiAura together with Criticals that made you hop around all the time, even if no valid entities were nearby.

<!--read more-->

## New Sliders
The Step mod now has a slider to configure its height. It can be set anywhere from 1 to 100 blocks, allowing you to step up really high.

Note that the YesCheat+ version of Step can still only step up 1 block.

HighJump also got a height slider that can also be set anywhere from 1 to 100 blocks.

## New Tutorials
We have added three new tutorials to three different mods. You can find those tutorials here:

- [Liquids tutorial](/wiki/Mods/Liquids/)

- [Regen tutorial](/wiki/Mods/Regen/)

- [Nuker tutorial](/wiki/Mods/Nuker/)

If you now type "..." or ".legit" into the chat, Wurst will show a message, saying that you need to use the [.say command](/wiki/Commands/say/) for that, and a link to the .say tutorial. We saw a lot of people still having issues with bypassing the Wurst commands after the tutorial was released and hope that this message will help those people.

Also, if you haven't seen it yet, the [How to Contribute to the Wurst-Client project](/wiki/Contributing/) tutorial is now finished as well. This tutorial shows you how to edit Wurst in Eclipse and how to submit those edits back to us to help improve the Wurst Client.
