---
title: Wurst 1.11 - Wurst-Bot
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "1.11.1"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.8"
image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Z6wVJG3qagvujzVVoytFTOvWPBUr46WpQETbvhV2bV7hBBRekIyH9J8X_XkkigtBYEkdoIVy5jMdcBk2IlKnPChW9w-fSGwuzw0vkHhjJsAQVOOKLwcqUOWSCtu0Hqkr6hz5NiUfAVIr50lGzQ46KfFKa2ZCru3TH5bu4wnWutIP3jVvUZb_hu0P7jyd_DO9Px4AnBfkfjApa9KIMhHNHFXDzLqsBedqXGOn_nQBsbUcL186aRqV9_xFW2rYMZUj-O_gI6ZZT0J7fgS1Rn1rblPpjIX8qQoCP-qsOo_cuqdhZQ195wsYOBc5SLq1n7288nD8eHsX5tK-g4AJ0u8q_NjFQMKIvs0wsedLQvZ6spBorj_sB6Ie51ZdvPTs9VTUPhrwJlFmE65wl1B21FbBLwIIZUX3QOyeeFSODCg296-lMMxbDm0Kho-EFMJKXn-CHeUa4z-k1-wT27o8xswo6yjEkRw3nBBVx1LOvVugxeSryjiLm95USB6UgL-wQoLYnG2KzTV8Wk9yeNRyzgM30j8SkJ_sZgdieKS877yo1uJLLGwPMhiG8eE32dPtLZzEhAIBQhkAge_QydpUF2KA00ehGz-GR3-VdiY-CFTzE1kxsTZr=w1280-h720-no
old-downloads: true
---
I remember saying that I would make an automatic grief-bot one day. I was kidding when I said that, but now we're almost there.

Wurst-Bot cannot yet grief automatically, but it should now be really easy to implement that. However, by using FightBot/Protect, Regen, AutoEat, AutoSword & AutoArmor, it can already do PVP automatically. Tests on [play.WiZARDHAX.com](http://www.wizardhax.com/play) have shown that it often PVPs better than a human. It was quite hilarious to see these humans being slain by a bot... and later asking the bot what client it was using.

You need a Wurst-Bot launcher to use Wurst-Bot. A very basic one I made can be found at [GitHub.com/Wurst-Imperium/Wurst-Bot-launcher](https://github.com/Wurst-Imperium/Wurst-Bot-launcher/releases). Wurst-Bot cannot be started with a mod or command in Wurst, but this is planned for later.

#### Cool features in Wurst-Bot
- It can join any server, even premium ones, by using premium alts.
- It cannot be detected. It sends exactly the same packets as a normal Wurst user.
- It has full access to all Wurst commands, including `.t`, `.goto`, ...everything!
- Proxy support (SOCKS proxies, unfortunately).

#### Known issues
- Sometimes it doesn't respawn correctly. If that happens to you, use the `fixme` command.
- The very basic Wurst-Bot launcher can only launch one Wurst-Bot at the time. If you want to make a whole army, you'll need to make your own launcher.

#### Usage example
Joins a premium server with a premium alt and a proxy, sends some chat messages, runs some Wurst commands, leaves the server and stops.
<pre>
login <var>username</var> <var>password</var>
proxy <var>proxy_ip</var>
join <var>server_ip</var>
chat Hello everyone! I am Wurst-Bot.
chat Now I will kill you all.
chat .t fightbot on
chat Muahahahaha!!!
chat .t headless on
leave
stop
</pre>

Happy hacking!
