---
title: Wurst 2.13 - Navigator
description: "It's finally here: Wurst 2.13 with Navigator! To learn more about Navigator and what's so awesome about it, please take a look at the \"Meet Navigator\" page."
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "2.13"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.8"
image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/xPRRst9T2RN3aG9EWXJz5nR2SbioA07vI-DUeOvAz8FkgCwNPdCKzBRbU6LwUsecepjhA5QTPByUzJWTpvNRWfK_Em02UKm4pU3qftMs-zlyWaWozWmh5v9hywLnV-XrBRtKlUGERAkzwlAeaIQv4tml4UFVaKoq-ieZBkIxZSrNwe6W2IXsBfK8YeFjUnFilZXPp9O3Hn-Xr6LuASnbs34Hi_F2g35lJgj61I6hEloPTQ3s35QvW6KoReTx24Oqty4AoVqsr8wIPfiNm1Nv93otY5vp5lZ9GPtdZOAJVH7qQyvpmnD43ZVAt9mK64F5Y20MlF1bcT2rSb__EiHw_S7yvYbGIfQhnsdyH8neE_YZA584h1FndQcOupWMqNCyyaX5LkVpX7pqwwH41CSjCBzMWDLhh_S8XT7QkFf6aGZVkWbWwpDQEq9Zsp70disM1JMlevzlLWuampX6wJzWJcazuG04iV9Q2CJ0HlmAs-Xc2E3gb-C8CAo0Y02ebsTwrws1JVMMBTuMVVyqq7JHeUMuBkOFV_OBkQ03D7Wx05qw3tSl8VLd6qQFC2X2OAZg5IhzOQ3v7_XiDWMREsJoivMi0XKk7Yikr85ncJMAnUA_xmHF=w1280-h720-no
old-downloads: true
---
It's finally here: Wurst 2.13 with Navigator!

To learn more about Navigator and what's so awesome about it, please take a look at the ["Meet Navigator" page](/navigator). Other than that, here's the changelog for this update, and it's pretty long this time:

## Changelog:

- :new: Target in Navigator.

- :new: AutoBuild Template setting in Navigator.

- :new: Default keybinds for Navigator: Left Ctrl & Right Shift. This won't overwrite any existing keybinds, including the default ClickGUI keybind from previous Wurst versions.

- :new: Mouse Wheel clicking a feature will now instantly do its primary action (e.g. toggle a mod), much like shift-clicking does. This seems to be more convenient than shift-clicking, as you only need to press one key instead of two.

- :new: Nuker Mode setting in Navigator.



- :new: Any feature can now have sliders and other settings. This is no longer limited to just mods.

- :new: "See also" section on Navigator feature screen: Basically links to other features.

- :new: Checkbox settings for Navigator (like the ones in Target).

- :new: Colors settings for Navigator (like the one in Target).

- :new: Enabled the tutorial button for the features that already have a tutorial. The plan is to make a lot more tutorials and have a tutorial button on all the major features.

- :new: BookHack in Navigator.

- :new: ServerFinder in Navigator.

- :new: SessionStealer in Navigator.

- :new: A notice to ClickGUI that makes it easier to switch to Navigator.

- :star: Improved the way settings are saved. They will now be saved in `navigator.json` instead of `sliders.json` and `options.json`. All slider values, Navigator intelligent sorting preferences and some other settings like Nuker mode and Target settings that were saved before this update will be lost. This will **not** delete any of your alts or keybinds.

- :star: Sliders in Navigator will no longer be prefixed with the name of the feature (e.g. "Speed" instead of "Killaura speed").

- :bug: Fixed Target targeting everything if Teams is enabled and the color white is selected.
