---
title: Wurst 2.24 - ScaffoldWalk, New Bypasses & Much More
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "2.24"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.8"
image: https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/10100202/21742468/2b62acea-d4f0-11e6-8cfb-a9d3cc620e96.jpg
old-downloads: true
---
## Changelog

- Added ScaffoldWalk: Automatically places blocks below your feet.

- AutoSoup will now also work with rabbit stew and beetroot soup.

- AutoSoup can now also eat soup while the inventory, a chest or any other kind of screen is open. This behavior can be disabled by unchecking the "Ignore screen" checkbox.

- The AutoSoup Health slider now uses hearts instead of health points and AutoSoup will now start eating when the player's health reaches the set value instead of waiting until it goes below that value.

- The AutoSoup Health slider is now set to 6.5 hearts by default, as most servers seem to restore 3.5 hearts per soup.

- AutoSplashPot can now also throw potions while the inventory, a chest or any other kind of screen is open. This behavior can be disabled by unchecking the "Ignore screen" checkbox.

- The AutoSplashPot Health slider now uses hearts instead of health points and AutoSplashPot will now start throwing potions when the player's health reaches the set value instead of waiting until it goes below that value.

- The AutoSplashPot Health slider is now set to 6 hearts by default, as instant health splash potions normally restore at most 4 hearts.

- Added an "Ignore screen" checkbox in AutoEat. When checked, it will continue eating while the inventory, a chest or any other kind of screen is open. This would not be possible in vanilla Minecraft and may therefore look suspicious. This checkbox is checked by default, but will be force-unchecked when using YesCheat+ in Ghost Mode.

- AutoEat will no longer open containers, trade with villagers or feed pets when trying to eat. If your cursor is pointing at any of those objects while AutoEat is enabled, it will wait until that is no longer the case before attempting to eat something.

- AutoArmor will now bypass NoCheat+.

- AutoArmor will no longer wait 3 seconds before updating.

- AutoArmor will now work in both survival and creative mode.

- BaseFinder will now search in a 128x256x128 (x, y, z) area around the player (previously 100x100x100).

- BaseFinder can now find up to 10000 blocks (previously 1024).

- BaseFinder will now show how many blocks it found.

- Improved BaseFinder performance.

- Slightly redesigned BaseFinder.

- Added an AutoLeave Health slider.

- Improved AutoSword prioritization.

- Fixed AutoSword not resetting the selected slot sometimes.

- Fixed AutoTool trying to use tools in creative mode.

- Fixed AutoTool not updating the selected slot sometimes.

- Fixed AutoTool not resetting the selected slot sometimes.

- Fixed AutoFish barely catching anything.

- AutoFish will now keep fishing until either all of your fishing rods are completely used up or your inventory is completely full.

- If fishing rods are placed outside of the hotbar, AutoFish will now automatically move them into the hotbar once they are needed.

- Fixed AutoMine not mining sometimes.

- Fixed Flight being slowed down by water.

- Fixed a crash when the options file is corrupted.

- Fixed sliders accepting any value from the settings file.
