---
title: Wurst 7.0pre19 - AutoBuild, 1.15.1 Support
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "7.0pre19"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.15.1"
  - "1.15"
fabric: true
image: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10100202/71218036-4f6f9780-22c0-11ea-9882-4660cdf98aaa.jpg
---
## Changelog

- This version of Wurst is available for Minecraft 1.15.1 and 1.15.

- AutoBuild is back!

- Added a "Tree" template to AutoBuild. (If you don't see this, reset your AutoBuild templates or delete the `.minecraft/wurst/autobuild` folder.)

- Removed AutoBuild's "Mode" setting (the one that let you choose between "Fast" and "Legit" mode).

  Instead, everything that made "Fast" mode different from "Legit" mode can now be changed individually.

- Added a "Range" slider to AutoBuild.

  Determines how far to reach when placing blocks.

  (In Wurst 6, "Fast" mode locked this setting to 6.0 and "Legit" mode locked it to 4.25.)

- Added a "Check line of sight" checkbox to AutoBuild.

  Makes sure that you don't reach through walls when placing blocks. Can help with AntiCheat plugins but slows down building.

  (In Wurst 6, "Legit" mode enabled this setting.)

- Added an "InstaBuild" checkbox to AutoBuild. When enabled, AutoBuild builds small templates (<= 64 blocks) instantly.

  (In Wurst 6, "Fast" mode enabled this setting.)

- Added an "Always FastPlace" checkbox to AutoBuild. When enabled, AutoBuild builds as if FastPlace was enabled, even if it's not.

- Removed AutoBuild's experimental "Use AI" checkbox.

- Fixed zooming in with the mouse wheel changing the selected slot.

- Updated Fabric API to 0.4.24+build.279-1.15 (MC 1.15) / 0.4.25+build.282-1.15 (MC 1.15.1).

- Updated Fabric Yarn to 1.15+build.2 / 1.15.1+build.6.

- Updated Fabric loader to 0.7.2+build.175. (MC 1.15.1)

## Working Features

Please keep in mind that this is just a pre-release! It doesn't (yet) have all of the features of Wurst 7, or all of the features of Wurst 6. Only the following features are included in this version:

### Hacks:

- AntiCactus
- AntiKnockback
- AntiWaterPush
- AutoArmor
- AutoBuild
- AutoMine
- AutoRespawn
- AutoSign
- AntiSpam
- AutoDrop
- AutoFarm
- AutoFish
- AutoSprint
- AutoSwim
- AutoSwitch
- AutoTool
- AutoWalk
- BaseFinder
- Blink
- BonemealAura
- BuildRandom
- BunnyHop
- ClickAura
- ChestESP
- Dolphin
- FancyChat
- FastBreak
- FastLadder
- FastPlace
- Fish
- Flight
- Freecam
- Fullbright
- ItemESP
- ItemGenerator
- Jesus
- Kaboom
- Killaura
- KillauraLegit
- Liquids
- MobESP
- MobSpawnESP
- NoFall
- NoWeb
- Nuker
- Panic
- PlayerESP
- Reach
- ScaffoldWalk
- Search
- Sneak
- Spider
- Timer
- TriggerBot
- X-Ray

### Commands:

- `.annoy`
- `.author`
- `.binds`
- `.blink`
- `.clear`
- `.copyitem`
- `.drop`
- `.enchant`
- `.friends`
- `.give`
- <a href="https://wiki.wurstclient.net/cmd/gm"><code>.gm</code></a>
- `.help`
- `.modify`
- `.rename`
- `.say`
- `.taco`
- `.t`
- `.tp`
- `.vclip`

## Other Features

- Alt Manager (direct login only)
- HackList
- Keybind Manager
- Middle Click Friends
- ServerFinder
- Server Clean Up
- Wurst Logo (can be disabled)
- Zoom

### GUIs:

- Window-based ClickGUI (which you can open by pressing **Right CTRL**).

- Navigator (which you can open by pressing **Right Shift**).

- TabGUI will be added back in later pre-releases.

## Installation

See [this tutorial](/tutorials/wurst-7-optifine/) for a more detailed explanation with pictures.

**WARNING:** Do NOT use OptiFine version `HD U F4`, it has a bug that breaks X-Ray. Use version `HD U F3` instead.

1. **Download the <a href="https://fabricmc.net/use/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Fabric installer</a>** with the following options:

   Installation for: <kbd>Vanilla</kbd>  
   Installer version: <kbd>0.5.2.39</kbd> or later  
   Download installer: (choose either <kbd>EXE</kbd> or <kbd>JAR</kbd>)

1. **Run the Fabric installer** as follows:

   Minecraft Version: (make sure it matches your Wurst version)  
   Show snapshots: Yes  
   Loader Version: <kbd>0.7.2+build.174</kbd> or later  
   Select Install Location: (leave it at the default)  
   Create profile: (leave it enabled)

1. **Download the Fabric API**
(<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2844436" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 1.15.1</a>)
(<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2841110" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 1.15</a>).

1. **Download Wurst** (see download buttons [below](#downloads)).

1. **Place both Wurst and the fabric API in your `%appdata%/.minecraft/mods` folder.**
