---
title: Wurst 7.0pre24 - AutoEat, Fun Hacks, Easter Eggs
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "7.0pre24"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.15.2"
  - "1.15.1"
fabric: true
image: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10100202/73072269-10cb8f00-3eb5-11ea-9026-46d1a8c8a217.jpg
---
## Changelog

- This version of Wurst is available for Minecraft 1.15.2 and 1.15.1.

- AutoEat is back!

- Added an "Eat while walking" checkbox to AutoEat (unchecked by default).

- Added a "Prefer food with" setting to AutoEat that determines how it will decide which food to eat first. By default, AutoEat will choose the food with the highest saturation.

- Added an "Allow hunger effect" checkbox to AutoEat (checked by default). When checked, AutoEat may eat food that gives you the harmless 'hunger' effect (e.g. rotten flesh).

- Added an "Allow poison effect" checkbox to AutoEat (unchecked by default). When checked, AutoEat may eat food that gives you the poison effect (e.g. spider eyes).

- Added an "Allow chorus fruit" checkbox to AutoEat (unchecked by default). When checked, AutoEat may eat chorus fruits, which will teleport you around randomly.

- Improved AutoEat's search tags.

- Changed the category of AutoEat from "Other" to "Items".

- Removed AutoEat's "Ignore screen" checkbox.

- Added some new Easter Eggs.

- AntiBlind is back!

- Added AntiWobble: Disables the wobble effect caused by nausea and portals.

- AntiBlind no longer disables the wobble effect caused by nausea and portals.

- AutoLeave is back!

- Improved the description of AutoLeave and its settings.

- Improved AutoLeave's search tags.

- `.leave` is back!

- Derp is back!

- SkinDerp is back!

- Tired is back!

- RainbowUI is back!

- CrashChest is back!

- Improved the description of CrashChest.

- MileyCyrus is back!

- HeadRoll is back!

- Jetpack is back!

- TrueSight is back!

- LSD is back!

- The "Changelog" button in Navigator is back!

- The "ServerFinder" entry in Navigator is back!

- Added a "CleanUp" entry in Navigator.

- Fixed Derp, HeadRoll and Tired not disabling each other.

- Fixed `.viewnbt` crashing the game if you aren't holding an item or the item doesn't have any NBT data.

- Fixed Alt Manager counting unchecked alts as premium.

- Fixed Alt Manager not saving the alt list when you delete an alt.

- Fixed a visual glitch in the drop-down menu of combo boxes.

- Updated Yarn mappings to 1.15.2+build.7.

- Updated Fabric loader to 0.7.6+build.179.

- Updated Fabric API to 0.4.29+build.290-1.15.

## Working Features

Please keep in mind that this is just a pre-release! It doesn't (yet) have all of the features of Wurst 7, or all of the features of Wurst 6. Only the following features are included in this version:

### Hacks:

- AntiBlind
- AntiCactus
- AntiKnockback
- AntiWaterPush
- AntiWobble
- AutoArmor
- AutoBuild
- AutoEat
- AutoLeave
- AutoMine
- AutoRespawn
- AutoSign
- AntiSpam
- AutoDrop
- AutoFarm
- AutoFish
- AutoSprint
- AutoSteal
- AutoSwim
- AutoSwitch
- AutoTool
- AutoWalk
- BaseFinder
- Blink
- BoatFly
- BonemealAura
- BuildRandom
- BunnyHop
- ClickAura
- ChestESP
- CrashChest
- Derp
- Dolphin
- ExtraElytra
- FancyChat
- FastBreak
- FastLadder
- FastPlace
- Fish
- Flight
- Freecam
- Fullbright
- HeadRoll
- ItemESP
- ItemGenerator
- Jesus
- Jetpack
- Kaboom
- Killaura
- KillauraLegit
- Liquids
- LSD
- MileyCyrus
- MobESP
- MobSpawnESP
- NoFall
- NoWeb
- Nuker
- Panic
- PlayerESP
- RainbowUI
- Reach
- ScaffoldWalk
- Search
- ServerCrasher
- SkinDerp
- Sneak
- Spider
- Timer
- Tired
- Trajectories
- TriggerBot
- TrueSight
- X-Ray

### Commands:

- `.addalt`
- `.annoy`
- `.author`
- `.binds`
- `.blink`
- `.clear`
- `.copyitem`
- `.damage`
- `.drop`
- `.enchant`
- `.features`
- `.friends`
- `.getpos`
- `.give`
- `.gm`
- `.help`
- `.leave`
- `.modify`
- `.rename`
- `.say`
- `.setcheckbox`
- `.setmode`
- `.setslider`
- `.taco`
- `.t`
- `.tp`
- `.vclip`
- `.viewnbt`

## Other Features

- Alt Manager
- Changelog Button
- HackList
- Keybind Manager
- Middle Click Friends
- ServerFinder
- Server Clean Up
- Wurst Logo (can be disabled)
- Zoom

### GUIs:

- Window-based ClickGUI (which you can open by pressing **Right CTRL**).

- Navigator (which you can open by pressing **Right Shift**).

- TabGUI will be added back in later pre-releases.

## Installation

See [this tutorial](/tutorials/wurst-7-optifine/) for a more detailed explanation with pictures.

**WARNING:** Do NOT use OptiFine version `HD U F4`, it has a bug that breaks X-Ray. Use version `HD U F3` instead.

1. **Download the <a href="https://fabricmc.net/use/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Fabric installer</a>** with the following options:

   Installation for: <kbd>Vanilla</kbd>  
   Installer version: <kbd>0.5.2.39</kbd> or later  
   Download installer: (choose either <kbd>EXE</kbd> or <kbd>JAR</kbd>)

1. **Run the Fabric installer** as follows:

   Minecraft Version: (make sure it matches your Wurst version)  
   Show snapshots: Yes  
   Loader Version: <kbd>0.7.2+build.174</kbd> or later  
   Select Install Location: (leave it at the default)  
   Create profile: (leave it enabled)

1. **Download the Fabric API**
(<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2865188" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 1.15.2</a>)
(<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2844436" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 1.15.1</a>).

1. **Download Wurst** (see download buttons [below](#downloads)).

1. **Place both Wurst and the fabric API in your `%appdata%/.minecraft/mods` folder.**
