---
title: Wurst 7.0pre25 - SafeWalk, PathFinder AI
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "7.0pre25"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.15.2"
  - "1.14.4"
fabric: true
image: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10100202/73534596-c781bf00-4421-11ea-8c72-eba7af0c40ed.jpg
---
## Changelog

- HighJump is back!

- SafeWalk is back!

- Radar is back!

- Tunneller is back!

- `.path` is back!

- `.goto` is back!

- Fixed the syntax for `.path` and `.goto` not saying how to turn them off.

- Follow is back!

- Added filters to Follow.

- `.follow` is back!

- `.follow` will no longer toggle Follow if no target is specified. (Use `.t follow` for that.)

- AntiAFK is back!

- Parkour is back!

- Parkour and SafeWalk will now disable each other, since having both enabled at the same time would make SafeWalk very unsafe.

- Overlay is back!

- Excavator is back!

- Excavator will now show a preview of the area before you confirm the selected positions.

- `.excavate` is back!

- FightBot is back!

- Added filters to FightBot.

- Protect is back!

- Added filters to Protect.  
  **Note:** These filters control what you attack, not what you protect.

- Fixed Protect sometimes still rendering a path when the "Use AI" setting is disabled.

- `.protect` is back!

- `.protect` will no longer toggle Protect if no target is specified. (Use `.t protect` for that.)

- Glide is back!

- Added a warning to Glide saying that, unless you use NoFall, you will still take fall damage with it enabled.

- TP-Aura is back!

- Added a "Priority" setting to TP-Aura.

- Added filters to TP-Aura.

- KillPotion is back!

- TrollPotion is back!

- HealthTags is back!

- MultiAura is back!

- Fixed removing keybinds through Navigator not working in some specific cases.

- Updated Yarn mappings to 1.15.2+build.8.

- Updated Fabric loader to 0.7.6+build.180.

## Working Features

Please keep in mind that this is just a pre-release! It doesn't (yet) have all of the features of Wurst 7, or all of the features of Wurst 6. Only the following features are included in this version:

### Hacks:

- AntiAFK
- <a href="https://wiki.wurstclient.net/antiblind">AntiBlind</a>
- AntiCactus
- AntiKnockback
- AntiWaterPush
- AntiWobble
- AutoArmor
- <a href="https://wiki.wurstclient.net/autobuild">AutoBuild</a>
- AutoEat
- AutoLeave
- AutoMine
- AutoRespawn
- AutoSign
- AntiSpam
- AutoDrop
- AutoFarm
- AutoFish
- AutoSprint
- AutoSteal
- AutoSwim
- AutoSwitch
- AutoTool
- AutoWalk
- BaseFinder
- Blink
- BoatFly
- BonemealAura
- BuildRandom
- BunnyHop
- ClickAura
- ChestESP
- CrashChest
- Derp
- Dolphin
- Excavator
- ExtraElytra
- FancyChat
- FastBreak
- FastLadder
- FastPlace
- FightBot
- Fish
- Flight
- Follow
- Freecam
- Fullbright
- Glide
- HeadRoll
- HealthTags
- HighJump
- ItemESP
- ItemGenerator
- Jesus
- Jetpack
- Kaboom
- Killaura
- KillauraLegit
- KillPotion
- Liquids
- LSD
- MileyCyrus
- MobESP
- MobSpawnESP
- MultiAura
- NoFall
- NoWeb
- Nuker
- Overlay
- Panic
- Parkour
- PlayerESP
- Protect
- Radar
- RainbowUI
- Reach
- SafeWalk
- ScaffoldWalk
- Search
- ServerCrasher
- SkinDerp
- Sneak
- Spider
- Timer
- Tired
- TP-Aura
- Trajectories
- TriggerBot
- TrollPotion
- TrueSight
- Tunneller
- X-Ray

### Commands:

- `.addalt`
- `.annoy`
- `.author`
- `.binds`
- `.blink`
- `.clear`
- `.copyitem`
- `.damage`
- `.drop`
- `.enchant`
- `.excavate`
- `.features`
- `.follow`
- `.friends`
- `.getpos`
- `.give`
- <a href="https://wiki.wurstclient.net/cmd/gm"><code>.gm</code></a>
- `.goto`
- `.help`
- `.leave`
- `.modify`
- `.path`
- `.protect`
- `.rename`
- `.say`
- `.setcheckbox`
- `.setmode`
- `.setslider`
- `.taco`
- `.t`
- `.tp`
- `.vclip`
- `.viewnbt`

## Other Features

- Alt Manager
- Changelog Button
- HackList
- Keybind Manager
- Middle Click Friends
- ServerFinder
- Server Clean Up
- Wurst Logo (can be disabled)
- Zoom

### GUIs:

- Window-based ClickGUI (which you can open by pressing **Right CTRL**).

- Navigator (which you can open by pressing **Right Shift**).

- TabGUI will be added back in later pre-releases.

## Installation

See [this tutorial](/tutorials/wurst-7-optifine/) for a more detailed explanation with pictures.

**WARNING:** Do NOT use OptiFine version `HD U F4`, it has a bug that breaks X-Ray. Use version `HD U F3` instead.

1. **Download the <a href="https://fabricmc.net/use/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Fabric installer</a>** with the following options:

   Installation for: <kbd>Vanilla</kbd>  
   Installer version: <kbd>0.5.2.39</kbd> or later  
   Download installer: (choose either <kbd>EXE</kbd> or <kbd>JAR</kbd>)

1. **Run the Fabric installer** as follows:

   Minecraft Version: (make sure it matches your Wurst version)  
   Show snapshots: Yes  
   Loader Version: <kbd>0.7.2+build.174</kbd> or later  
   Select Install Location: (leave it at the default)  
   Create profile: (leave it enabled)

1. **Download the Fabric API**
(<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2865188" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 1.15.2</a>)
(<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2840657" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 1.14.4</a>).

1. **Download Wurst** (see download buttons [below](#downloads)).

1. **Place both Wurst and the fabric API in your `%appdata%/.minecraft/mods` folder.**
