---
title: Wurst 6.24 - Better Tunneller, Better AutoTool
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "6.24"
minecraft-versions:
- "1.12"
- "1.12 OF"
- "1.11"
- "1.11 OF"
- "1.10"
- "1.9"
- "1.8"
- "1.8 OF"
image: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10100202/44949658-3aa29280-ae36-11e8-9f10-b4c1d9fdfa37.jpg
---
## Changelog

- Added a "Repair mode" checkbox to AutoTool. When checked, AutoTool will prevent you from using tools that are about to break by switching to a different slot (preferably one that is empty or cannot be damaged).

- Added a "Use hands" checkbox to AutoTool. When checked, AutoTool will use an empty hand or a non-damageable item when no applicable tool is found.

- Replaced the "Tracers" checkbox in [PlayerESP](https://wurst.wiki/playeresp), MobESP, ItemESP and [ChestESP](https://wurst.wiki/chestesp) with a "Style" setting that lets you choose between boxes, lines or both.

- Tunneller will now automatically dig a tunnel instead of just breaking blocks around the player.

- Added a "Tunnel size" setting to Tunneller, allowing you to change the size of the tunnel that it creates.

- Added a "Limit" setting to Tunneller that makes it automatically stop digging once the tunnel has reached the given length.

- Tunneller can now automatically place torches to prevent mobs from spawning inside the tunnel. (optional)

- Tunneller will now automatically fill in holes in the tunnel's floor.

- Tunneller will now automatically dodge liquids if the tunnel gets flooded. This even works with lava in the Nether.

- Tunneller will now automatically select the correct tools to dig its tunnel.

- AutoTool will no longer switch back to the previously held item after breaking a block.
