---
title: Wurst 6.26 - Item Generator, AutoDrop, Better ESPs
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "6.26.1"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.12"
  - "1.12 OF"
  - "1.11"
  - "1.11 OF"
  - "1.10"
  - "1.9"
  - "1.8"
  - "1.8 OF"
image: https://images.wurstclient.net/_media/update/wurst_6.26_540p.webp
---
## Changelog

- Added ItemGenerator - Generates random items and drops them on the ground. If you max out the speed, this hack can crash servers quite easily.

- Removed `.drop infinite`, as ItemGenerator makes it obsolete.

- Added `.drop slow` command for servers that limit how quickly you can drop items.

  Using YesCheat+ with the "Older NoCheat+", "Latest NoCheat+" or "Ghost Mode" profile will cause `.drop` to always run in slow mode, even if you run it without the `slow` parameter.

- Added AutoDrop - Automatically drops unwanted items.

- Added new easter eggs.

- Added a "Box size" setting to MobESP, [PlayerESP](https://wurst.wiki/playeresp) and ItemESP.

  - **Accurate** mode shows the exact hitbox of each mob / player / item.

  - **Fancy** mode (default) shows slightly larger boxes that look better.

- Added a "Filter invisible" checkbox to MobESP. When checked, it won't show invisible mobs.

- Added a "Filter invisible" checkbox to [PlayerESP](https://wurst.wiki/playeresp). When checked, it won't show invisible players.

- Added a "Filter sleeping" checkbox to [PlayerESP](https://wurst.wiki/playeresp). When checked, it won't show sleeping players.

- Added a "Fade" checkbox to Fullbright (checked by default).

  When this is not checked, Fullbright will switch on and off instantly without the usual fading animation.

- Added Fish - Disables underwater gravity so you can swim like a fish.

- Improved the description of Dolphin.

- Updated the links on the Wurst Options screen.

- Fixed a bug that caused all keybinds to be deleted if the keybinds.json file got corrupted.

- Removed the "Minecraft Realms" button, since Minecraft 1.12 / 1.12.2 is no longer compatible with Realms. (MC 1.12 & 1.12-OF)

## Update: Wurst 6.26.1

- Fixed [MobSpawnESP](https://wurst.wiki/mobspawnesp) sometimes causing the game to crash.
