---
title: Wurst 7.0pre27 - InfiniChat, Capes, Snapshot 20w07a
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "7.0pre27"
minecraft-versions:
  - "20w07a"
  - "1.15.2"
fabric: true
image: https://wiki.wurstclient.net/_media/update/wurst_7.0pre27_540p.webp
---
## Changelog

- Added InfiniChat: Removes the 256 character limit from the chat. Useful for long commands that modify NBT data.

- Step is back!

- Changed the maximum Step Height to 10 blocks, since higher values no longer work.

- RemoteView is back!

- RemoteView will now adjust your view for the height of the entity that you are viewing.

- `.rv` is back!

- PlayerFinder is back!

- PlayerFinder will now show a chat message when it has detected a player.

- PotionSaver is back!

- ProphuntESP is back!

- SpeedHack is back!

- TabGUI is back!

- The "Disable Wurst" button is back!

- Wurst Capes are back!

- `.give` can now create a stack of up to 64 items, even for limited or non-stackable items.

- Added NoPumpkin: Blocks the overlay when wearing a pumpkin on your head.

- Added NoFireOverlay: Blocks the overlay when you are on fire.

- NoOverlay is back!

- NoOverlay will no longer disable the overlays of pumpkins and fire.

- Added a "Prevent slowdown" checkbox to AntiWaterPush: Allows you to walk underwater at full speed.

- NoSlowdown is back!

- NoSlowdown will no longer prevent slowness caused by being underwater. (Use the "Prevent slowdown" checkbox in AntiWaterPush instead.)

- The "Last Server" button is back!

- `.ip` is back!

- `.sv` is back!

- The "Reconnect" button is back!

- AutoReconnect is back!

- AutoReconnect is now a hack. This allows you to toggle it on and off without having to get kicked first.

- Fixed a visual glitch when editing a block list setting (e.g. X-Ray Ores).

- Fixed visual glitches when using the Fabric Mod Menu.

## Working Features

Please keep in mind that this is just a pre-release! It doesn't (yet) have all of the features of Wurst 7, or all of the features of Wurst 6. Only the following features are included in this version:

### Hacks:

- AntiAFK
- <a href="https://wiki.wurstclient.net/antiblind">AntiBlind</a>
- AntiCactus
- AntiKnockback
- AntiWaterPush
- AntiWobble
- AutoArmor
- <a href="https://wiki.wurstclient.net/autobuild">AutoBuild</a>
- AutoEat
- AutoLeave
- AutoMine
- AutoPotion
- AutoReconnect
- AutoRespawn
- AutoSign
- AutoSoup
- AntiSpam
- AutoSword
- AutoDrop
- AutoFarm
- AutoFish
- AutoSprint
- AutoSteal
- AutoSwim
- AutoSwitch
- AutoTool
- AutoWalk
- BaseFinder
- Blink
- BoatFly
- BonemealAura
- BowAimbot
- <a href="https://wiki.wurstclient.net/buildrandom">BuildRandom</a>
- <a href="https://wiki.wurstclient.net/bunnyhop">BunnyHop</a>
- CameraNoClip
- CaveFinder
- ClickAura
- ChestESP
- CrashChest
- Criticals
- Derp
- Dolphin
- Excavator
- ExtraElytra
- FancyChat
- FastBreak
- FastLadder
- FastPlace
- FightBot
- Fish
- Flight
- Follow
- Freecam
- Fullbright
- Glide
- HandNoClip
- HeadRoll
- HealthTags
- HighJump
- InfiniChat
- InstantBunker
- ItemESP
- ItemGenerator
- Jesus
- Jetpack
- Kaboom
- [Killaura](https://wiki.wurstclient.net/killaura)
- KillauraLegit
- KillPotion
- Liquids
- LSD
- MassTPA
- MileyCyrus
- MobESP
- MobSpawnESP
- MultiAura
- NameProtect
- NameTags
- NoClip
- NoFall
- NoFireOverlay
- NoHurtcam
- NoOverlay
- NoPumpkin
- NoSlowdown
- NoWeather
- NoWeb
- Nuker
- NukerLegit
- Overlay
- Panic
- Parkour
- PlayerESP
- PlayerFinder
- PotionSaver
- ProphuntESP
- Protect
- Radar
- RainbowUI
- Reach
- RemoteView
- SafeWalk
- ScaffoldWalk
- Search
- ServerCrasher
- SkinDerp
- Sneak
- SpeedHack
- SpeedNuker
- Spider
- Step
- Throw
- Timer
- Tired
- TP-Aura
- Trajectories
- TriggerBot
- TrollPotion
- TrueSight
- Tunneller
- X-Ray

### Commands:

- `.addalt`
- `.annoy`
- `.author`
- `.binds`
- `.blink`
- `.clear`
- `.copyitem`
- `.damage`
- `.drop`
- `.enchant`
- `.excavate`
- `.features`
- `.follow`
- `.friends`
- `.getpos`
- `.give`
- <a href="https://wiki.wurstclient.net/cmd/gm"><code>.gm</code></a>
- `.goto`
- `.help`
- `.invsee`
- `.ip`
- `.jump`
- `.leave`
- `.modify`
- `.path`
- `.potion`
- `.protect`
- `.rename`
- `.repair`
- `.rv`
- `.say`
- `.setcheckbox`
- `.setmode`
- `.setslider`
- `.sv`
- `.taco`
- `.t`
- `.tp`
- `.vclip`
- `.viewnbt`

## Other Features

- Alt Manager
- Changelog Button
- Wurst Capes
- "Disable Wurst" Button
- HackList
- Keybind Manager
- "Last Server" Button
- Middle Click Friends
- "Reconnect" Button
- ServerFinder
- Server Clean Up
- TabGUI
- Wurst Logo (can be disabled)
- Zoom

### GUIs:

- Window-based ClickGUI (which you can open by pressing **Right CTRL**).

- Navigator (which you can open by pressing **Right Shift**).

- TabGUI (must be enabled through Navigator, use with **Arrow Keys** and **Enter**).

## Installation

See [this tutorial](/tutorials/wurst-7-optifine/) for a more detailed explanation with pictures.

1. **Download the <a href="https://fabricmc.net/use/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Fabric installer</a>** with the following options:

   Installation for: <kbd>Vanilla</kbd>  
   Installer version: <kbd>0.5.2.39</kbd> or later  
   Download installer: (choose either <kbd>EXE</kbd> or <kbd>JAR</kbd>)

1. **Run the Fabric installer** as follows:

   Minecraft Version: (make sure it matches your Wurst version)  
   Show snapshots: Yes  
   Loader Version: <kbd>0.7.2+build.174</kbd> or later  
   Select Install Location: (leave it at the default)  
   Create profile: (leave it enabled)

1. **Download the Fabric API**
(<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2881579" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 20w07a</a>)
(<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2865188" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 1.15.2</a>)
(<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2840657" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 1.14.4</a>).

1. **Download Wurst** (see download buttons [below](#downloads)).

1. **Place both Wurst and the fabric API in your `%appdata%/.minecraft/mods` folder.**
