---
title: Wurst 7.0pre26 - 1.16 Snapshot Support, More Hacks
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "7.0pre26"
minecraft-versions:
  - "20w06a"
  - "1.15.2"
  - "1.14.4"
fabric: true
image: https://wiki.wurstclient.net/_media/update/wurst_7.0pre26_540p.webp
---
## Changelog

- AutoSplashPot is back!

- Renamed AutoSplashPot to AutoPotion.

- Changed the category of AutoPotion from "Other" to "Combat".

- Improved the description of AutoPotion and its settings.

- Removed the "Ignore screen" checkbox in AutoPotion.

- AutoSoup is back!

- Improved the description of AutoSoup and its settings.

- Removed the "Ignore screen" checkbox in AutoSoup.

- CameraNoClip is back!

- CaveFinder is back!

- CaveFinder now works by highlighting caves in red.

- GhostHand is back!

- Renamed GhostHand to HandNoClip.

- HandNoClip now supports multiple different blocks at the same time.

- HandNoClip's blocks can now be changed through its settings, without requiring a command.

- `.ghosthand` will not be added back, as it's now obsolete.

- `.jump` is back!

- `.invsee` is back!

- Criticals is back!

- Renamed Criticals' "Jump" mode to "Mini Jump".

- Added A "Full Jump" mode to Criticals that actually performs a normal jump.

- Criticals will now display its mode in the HackList.

- BowAimbot is back!

- Added a "Priority" setting to BowAimbot.

- Added filters to BowAimbot.

- Added crossbow support to BowAimbot.

- MassTPA is back!

- Throw is back!

- Added an "Amount" slider to Throw.

- `.throw` will not be added back, as it's now obsolete.

- `.potion` is back!

- Improved some of `.potion`'s error messages.

- `.repair` is back!

- AutoSword is back!

- AutoSword will now switch to a weapon as soon as you are looking at an entity, rather than waiting until you attack it.

- Added a "Priority" setting to AutoSword. Determines whether AutoSword will choose a weapon with high damage (axe) or high speed (sword).

- Added a "Switch back" checkbox to AutoSword. Determines whether or not AutoSword will switch back to the previously selected slot after switching to a weapon.

- Added a "Release time" setting to AutoSword: Determines how long AutoSword will hold on the weapon after selecting it. Default: 10 ticks (0.5 seconds)

- NoHurtcam is back!

- NoWeather is back!

- InstantBunker is back!

- Added error messages to InstantBunker (e.g. if you are not holding blocks).

- InstantBunker will now make you jump in order to build the bunker properly. (It's 3 blocks tall and the game now understands that you can't reach the third layer without jumping. If you are standing in a 2 blocks tall space, the third layer will not be built.)

- NameProtect is back!

- NameTags is back!

- NoClip is back!

- NukerLegit is back!

- SpeedNuker is back!

- Fixed Trajectories not calculating the trajectory of crossbows correctly.

- Fixed a crash when typing ".give @p ...".

- Fixed MultiAura not being disabled automatically when using other Killauras.

- Fixed different Nukers not disabling each other.

- Fixed KillauraLegit trying to disable itself while getting enabled, causing it to attack things while it's supposed to be off.

- Double-checked that this release works in 1.14.4 too.

## Working Features

Please keep in mind that this is just a pre-release! It doesn't (yet) have all of the features of Wurst 7, or all of the features of Wurst 6. Only the following features are included in this version:

### Hacks:

- AntiAFK
- <a href="https://wiki.wurstclient.net/antiblind">AntiBlind</a>
- AntiCactus
- AntiKnockback
- AntiWaterPush
- AntiWobble
- AutoArmor
- <a href="https://wiki.wurstclient.net/autobuild">AutoBuild</a>
- AutoEat
- AutoLeave
- AutoMine
- AutoPotion
- AutoRespawn
- AutoSign
- AutoSoup
- AntiSpam
- AutoSword
- AutoDrop
- AutoFarm
- AutoFish
- AutoSprint
- AutoSteal
- AutoSwim
- AutoSwitch
- AutoTool
- AutoWalk
- BaseFinder
- Blink
- BoatFly
- BonemealAura
- BowAimbot
- <a href="https://wiki.wurstclient.net/buildrandom">BuildRandom</a>
- BunnyHop
- CameraNoClip
- CaveFinder
- ClickAura
- ChestESP
- CrashChest
- Criticals
- Derp
- Dolphin
- Excavator
- ExtraElytra
- FancyChat
- FastBreak
- FastLadder
- FastPlace
- FightBot
- Fish
- Flight
- Follow
- Freecam
- Fullbright
- Glide
- HandNoClip
- HeadRoll
- HealthTags
- HighJump
- InstantBunker
- ItemESP
- ItemGenerator
- Jesus
- Jetpack
- Kaboom
- Killaura
- KillauraLegit
- KillPotion
- Liquids
- LSD
- MassTPA
- MileyCyrus
- MobESP
- MobSpawnESP
- MultiAura
- NameProtect
- NameTags
- NoClip
- NoFall
- NoHurtcam
- NoWeather
- NoWeb
- Nuker
- NukerLegit
- Overlay
- Panic
- Parkour
- PlayerESP
- Protect
- Radar
- RainbowUI
- Reach
- SafeWalk
- ScaffoldWalk
- Search
- ServerCrasher
- SkinDerp
- Sneak
- SpeedNuker
- Spider
- Throw
- Timer
- Tired
- TP-Aura
- Trajectories
- TriggerBot
- TrollPotion
- TrueSight
- Tunneller
- X-Ray

### Commands:

- `.addalt`
- `.annoy`
- `.author`
- `.binds`
- `.blink`
- `.clear`
- `.copyitem`
- `.damage`
- `.drop`
- `.enchant`
- `.excavate`
- `.features`
- `.follow`
- `.friends`
- `.getpos`
- `.give`
- <a href="https://wiki.wurstclient.net/cmd/gm"><code>.gm</code></a>
- `.goto`
- `.help`
- `.invsee`
- `.jump`
- `.leave`
- `.modify`
- `.path`
- `.potion`
- `.protect`
- `.rename`
- `.repair`
- `.say`
- `.setcheckbox`
- `.setmode`
- `.setslider`
- `.taco`
- `.t`
- `.tp`
- `.vclip`
- `.viewnbt`

## Other Features

- Alt Manager
- Changelog Button
- HackList
- Keybind Manager
- Middle Click Friends
- ServerFinder
- Server Clean Up
- Wurst Logo (can be disabled)
- Zoom

### GUIs:

- Window-based ClickGUI (which you can open by pressing **Right CTRL**).

- Navigator (which you can open by pressing **Right Shift**).

- TabGUI will be added back in later pre-releases.

## Installation

See [this tutorial](/tutorials/wurst-7-optifine/) for a more detailed explanation with pictures.

1. **Download the <a href="https://fabricmc.net/use/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Fabric installer</a>** with the following options:

   Installation for: <kbd>Vanilla</kbd>  
   Installer version: <kbd>0.5.2.39</kbd> or later  
   Download installer: (choose either <kbd>EXE</kbd> or <kbd>JAR</kbd>)

1. **Run the Fabric installer** as follows:

   Minecraft Version: (make sure it matches your Wurst version)  
   Show snapshots: Yes  
   Loader Version: <kbd>0.7.2+build.174</kbd> or later  
   Select Install Location: (leave it at the default)  
   Create profile: (leave it enabled)

1. **Download the Fabric API**
(<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2875599" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 20w06a</a>)
(<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2865188" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 1.15.2</a>)
(<a href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api/files/2840657" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">for 1.14.4</a>).

1. **Download Wurst** (see download buttons [below](#downloads)).

1. **Place both Wurst and the fabric API in your `%appdata%/.minecraft/mods` folder.**
