---
title: Wurst 7.37.1 - Bugfixes and Code Maintenance
category: Wurst Update
modified_date: "2023-10-18"
wurst-version: "7.37.1"
minecraft-versions:
- 1.20.2
snapshots:
- 23w42a
- 23w41a
- 23w40a
auto-list-mcversions: true
fabric: true
log4shell-patched: true
image: https://images.wurstclient.net/_media/update/wurst_7.37.1_540p.webp
wurstforum_thread: 251
fabric-api:
  1.20.2: 0.89.3+1.20.2
  23w42a: 0.90.2+1.20.3
  23w41a: 0.90.1+1.20.3
  23w40a: 0.89.4+1.20.3
---
## Changelog

- Added support for the XDG base directory standard. ([#876](https://github.com/Wurst-Imperium/Wurst7/pull/876) - Thanks to [DutchO7](https://github.com/DutchO7)!)

- Made the zoom keybind a bit more stealthy: Instead of saying "key.wurst.zoom" in a separate "Zoom" category, it's now listed as "Zoom" under the vanilla "Miscellaneous" category. This should help to make this entry stand out less from existing vanilla keybinds.

- AirPlace no longer causes issues when fishing and is now compatible with AutoFish.

- Fixed a lot of weird issues that used to happen when AirPlace is enabled.

- Fixed the zoom stopping you from scrolling through the items in your hotbar even when the "Use Mouse Wheel" option is disabled.

- Fixed the Zoom Manager screen showing the zoom keybind in all lowercase.

- Fixed ".toomanyhax list-profiles" not working correctly. ([/d/201](https://wurstforum.net/d/201) - Thanks to [ZANX3Y](https://github.com/ZANX3Y)!)

- Fixed MobSpawnESP and NewChunks not updating correctly when you move to a different dimension.

- Fixed a visual glitch in Search, CaveFinder and BaseFinder when moving to a different region.

- Fixed some subtle visual glitches when an entity is about to despawn.

- Fixed the "Server Finder" and "Clean Up" buttons on the server list screen being off by a few pixels.

- Fixed BuildRandom not behaving correctly when "Check held item" is disabled and you have usable items in both hands.

- There have been many more improvements and clean-ups under the hood to keep Wurst running smoothly.

## Features in this release

{% include update/features.html hacks=site.data.hacks.since_v7_34 commands=site.data.commands.since_v7_36 other=site.data.other_features.since_v7_36 %}
{% include update/default-keybinds.html keybinds=site.data.default_keybinds.since_v7 %}
{% include update/guis.html %}
{% include update/supported-languages.html languages=site.data.supported_languages.since_v7_27 %}
