---
title: Wurst 7.36 - Better BuildRandom & AutoComplete, Bugfixes
category: Wurst Update
modified_date: "2023-08-09"
wurst-version: "7.36"
minecraft-versions:
- 1.20.1
snapshots:
- 23w32a
- 23w31a
auto-list-mcversions: true
fabric: true
log4shell-patched: true
image: https://images.wurstclient.net/_media/update/wurst_7.36_540p.webp
wurstforum_thread: 141
fabric-api:
  1.20.1: 0.85.0+1.20.1
  23w32a: 0.86.2+1.20.2
  23w31a: 0.86.1+1.20.2
---
## Changelog

- Replaced the Fast / Legit Mode dropdown in [BuildRandom](https://wurst.wiki/buildrandom) with a "Range" slider, a "Check line of sight" checkbox, a "Facing" dropdown, a "Swing" dropdown, a "Place while breaking" checkbox and a "Place while riding" checkbox. This lets you control how fast or legit BuildRandom should be much more precisely than before.

- Rewrote BuildRandom's block placing logic, making it more legit in general.

- By default, BuildRandom will no longer build while you are breaking a block or riding a vehicle, since that wouldn't be possible in vanilla Minecraft. You can re-enable the old behavior in the settings.

- Added a "Max attempts" slider to BuildRandom, which lets you control the number of random positions that BuildRandom will try to place a block at in one tick. Higher values speed up the build process at the cost of increased lag.

- Added an "Indicator" checkbox to BuildRandom that lets you turn off the visual indicator showing where BuildRandom is placing blocks.

- Added "OpenAI chat endpoint", "OpenAI legacy endpoint" and "Oobabooga endpoint" settings to [AutoComplete](https://wurst.wiki/autocomplete). Useful if you are using OpenAI through a proxy or hosting oobabooga on a separate machine.

- AutoComplete now supports all of OpenAI's currently available language models.

- Fixed [NoFall](https://wurst.wiki/nofall) not preventing fall damage when flying down with CreativeFlight in survival mode.

- Fixed NoFall sending unnecessary packets when you're falling in creative mode.

- Radar will now display friends in blue.

- Cleaned up some of the code in [AnchorAura](https://wurst.wiki/anchoraura). There shouldn't be any noticeable changes in behavior.

- Added a WikiDataExport button that is only accessible through Navigator. When pressed, it generates a JSON file at `.minecraft/wurst/wiki-data.json`, with information about all the different features and settings in this version of Wurst. As the name suggests, I use this file for the Wurst Wiki, but maybe some of you can find other uses for it.

## Features in this release

{% include update/features.html hacks=site.data.hacks.since_v7_34 commands=site.data.commands.since_v7_36 other=site.data.other_features.since_v7_36 %}
{% include update/default-keybinds.html keybinds=site.data.default_keybinds.since_v7 %}
{% include update/supported-languages.html languages=site.data.supported_languages.since_v7_27 %}

## GUIs and how to open them

{% include update/guis.html %}
