---
title: Wurst 4.6 - Better AI (Part 1), Bugfixes
category: Wurst Update
wurst-version: "4.6"
minecraft-versions:
  - "1.10"
image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/YfiDfOrpHTJXDfbJh9HuQfpjoSzOuP4Xm_VK8-Xmd3Dbg0TNU5wIzoaT6zPTG76TlKlgx70buv0DQ-IYUiEAFritEdG2czSAUA1hga7oHXS0lameBRxhV5kvICa8s6cqFWo6NB1oFzHwUvKfaE98-yBP-i4nZgEhwLZozGiaSDIgamj8tUF0K3gnfx64oyvPY0RhLiKOoucSSKbDAx3cUinkj9rl_T2h73_YibweHcVNvxcQhvZ89M2H1gmq6b4T9c3kzuuMruBxNuSyvBW_fzgooZN6s82tPcyiUk4q8Jo_6EmBfBGW9MAZG0SNcTLD5EcWAd2a2_QO4nuDsW7O9WTxjd_toqvZ4n54cVm2VWqvSeHc5gmOZNm0mMJtAsgEGguiVbZXJpMIVoexrI9D2ArWFAWJ9uKfLoi9a9HNH-KYUxqhyI8p9stsvYsmzuG_mZIAo6oSrhleKgs3_mKSpC1doy4QJO02SVrRlfoOILAxSPwujPAqmPdR_ykLiX9EUwuVoxx4YnuvAaXLOQVFuvXkUWYW9cJPDpQayTGQN4Ah-T0C18aW6Y3X94htszaQyP0RTm4zOdP3uc5UwzvwS8gUasq60jDLrjBybSLRdks6iCjO=w1280-h720-no
old-downloads: true
---
## Changelog

- Wurst's AI can now fully understand diagonal walking, fall damage and climbing, making it officially better than Minecraft's zombie AI.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="de"><p lang="de" dir="ltr">Wurst AI vs Zombie AI (the zombie fell down) <a href="https://t.co/EzWh1vw0he">pic.twitter.com/EzWh1vw0he</a></p>&mdash; Alexander01998 🌐 (@Wurst_Imperium) <a href="https://twitter.com/Wurst_Imperium/status/798635086916636672">15. November 2016</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

- Wurst's AI can now walk diagonally.

- Wurst's AI can now climb up and down on ladders and vines (previously it could only climb up and only use ladders).



- Wurst's AI will no longer walk on soul sand if walking around it is faster.

- Wurst's AI can now understand that water, lava, ladders, vines and webs reset the player's fall damage.

- Added new arguments to `.path`:

  - `-debug`: Toggles debug mode. When enabled, shows additional information about how the path was found.  
**Note:** If you find a bug in the PathFinder, take a screenshot with debug mode enabled and attach it to the bug report.

  - `-depth`: Toggles depth testing. When disabled, the path will render through walls.

  - `-refresh`: Calculates the last path again. Useful for debugging or if the world has changed since the last calculation.

- `.path` will now spread its calculations over multiple ticks if necessary. This means it will no longer cause a ton of lag while searching for a path, but the searching will take longer.

- <del>When a path leads multiple blocks in the same direction, `.path` will now render one long arrow instead of multiple short ones.</del> This is currently disabled. It was causing issues with diagonal movement.

- Fixed Wurst's AI not finding the shortest path through water.

- Fixed Wurst-Bot not starting.

- Fixed RemoteView disabling itself when enabled.

- Fixed a rendering glitch in Navigator.
